"We are taking measures to implement the (United Nations Security Council) sanctions, although obviously many of the sanctions would be implemented with a high cost for China itself, because we are the DPRK's (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) neighbor.
However, due to its strained ties with China as a result of their territorial dispute and its concerns about having lost status because of China's growing influence in the region, Japan has been ramping up its efforts to oppose China in regional and international issues.
And fourth, ASEAN wants assurances from both China and the US that it will not be used for their proxy rivalry, because as an association it is vulnerable to such designs.
Singapore holds special significance to Chinese diplomacy not only because of its longstanding role as "middleman" between China and the West, but also because it is the current official coordinator of China-ASEAN relations, and will assume the presidency of ASEAN next year.
So before he does so, he should be advised to rethink the US practice, also because it appears increasingly untenable.
The Donald Trump administration is continuing that practice, perhaps because it perceives the so-called freedom of navigation operations as a major US strategy to check China's influence in the region.
Are these journalists trying to prevent the US Navy from thoroughly investigating the accidents because they fear that it would reveal the dirty truths.
"Individual persons in the Philippines laid indiscreet accusations towards China only because they attempted to stir up tension between China and the Philippines," Hua said in response at a daily news conference in Beijing.
The US president himself may not have liked it because Bannon's confession that there is "no military solution" to the Korean Peninsula crisis compromised Donald Trump's verbal claim that the US would release "fire and fury" against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Wars occur not because of a certain cycle but because of expansionist greed for capital and resources.
Yet his bid to pit China against its Asia-Pacific neighbors will find no takers, because it was so out of sync with what the annual Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit and its related meetings were focusing on — enhanced trade, and peace and security in the region.

In regard to the South China Sea situation, Cayetano said, "All the positive sides China has given to the relationship with ASEAN will not be disturbed" because of disputes there.
In regard to the South China Sea situation, Cayetano said "all the positive sides China has given to the relationship with ASEAN will not be disturbed" because of the disputes there.

"This is especially relevant to Cambodia because we are a small country.

Such a practice is both dangerous and counterproductive because it could easily throw China-US relations off balance and squander the fruitful results achieved so far in advancing bilateral cooperation.

Many nations are hesitant to participate in the ISDS framework because a third-party’s ability to order the state itself to pay large sums of money—which is understandably disconcerting for less familiar and stable nations.
All because freedom of navigation has never been an issue in those waters.

Using "freedom of navigation operation" as an excuse appears particularly ridiculous as the once tense situation there has conspicuously defused because countries in the region have agreed to resolve their maritime disputes with China through dialogue.

And such voyages no longer raise eyebrows exactly because they are increasingly like a ceremonial, symbolic formality.

The reason that no results have been achieved to date is precisely because of the failure to implement negotiated agreements and the suspension of negotiations.

[Photo/Xinhua]International relations experts more or less agree that while Barack Obama was the US president there was strategic mutual distrust between China and the United States largely because of the latter's strategic "pivot" to Asia strategy, which was actually intended at containing China's rise.

Many Chinese still cannot understand why the "China threat" theory has been hyped from time to time in Australia, because being thousands of miles away from Australia, China cannot possibly pose any direct threat to the country.

This is all the more surprising because the two economies remain highly complementary, and trade with China is playing a significant role in boosting the Australian economy.

But compared with the high standards of some other countries' navies, China's general naval strength is not that satisfactory, because its aircraft, submarine and other vessels are not yet a cohesive force.

Such concerns are exaggerated, because without safeguarding national security a country cannot improve its citizens' lives.

We should realize that China still faces maritime threats such as contradictions, frictions, even the threat of war because of the disputes over sovereignty and jurisdiction of islands and reefs, marine resources and strategic sea lanes.

A country poses a threat to other countries because of its national defense policy and strategy, not its military power.

In the past, military exchanges were the vulnerable aspect of China-US relations, because they were often the first to be cut off when bilateral relations soured.

"I tend to think we are not gonna go to a trade war, because an American trade war with China will also be a trade war with all the suppliers to China, who are friendly with us and have good economic relations (with us)," he told Xinhua.

He proposed separating the strategic track and economic track because the S&ED has become less efficient as it has grown too big and too bureaucratic to get things done.

"I tend to think we are not gonna go to a trade war, because an American trade war with China will also be a trade war with all the suppliers to China, who are friendly with us and have good economic relations (with us)," he told Xinhua.

He proposed separating the strategic track and economic track because the S&ED has become less efficient as it has grown too big and too bureaucratic to get things done.

It will definitely worsen relations between Beijing and Tokyo, which are already tense because of the Shinzo Abe administration's refusal to face up squarely to history and its previous provocative actions.

But while China acts, it is continually told it should do this and that just because it is not a democracy of a style preferred by others.

Protests were organized after Lotte Group, a business conglomerate headquartered in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju where the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes because it will destabilize the strategic balance in East Asia in favor of the United States.

Which is shocking because both the US and the ROK know that the move will raise tensions on the already tense Korean Peninsula and worsen China's security environment.

Fu said there is no need for other countries to take caution against China's defense measures because the nation has never caused any harm to others.

It should be soothing news to the US, too, because despite his harsh, sometimes hostile, comments against its superpower ally, the Philippines remains open to US' military presence in the region and committed to their bilateral defense agreements.

However, I think this is very unwise because it will cast a shadow over China-US relations.
Even though the encirclement is created, it could not possibly work because it is like standing in the way of an elephant using a piece of string.

The US defense secretary's remarks of resolving the South China Sea disputes through diplomacy should be encouraged because "flexing military muscles will do no good" to the resolution of disputes, said Ruan Zongze, vice-president of the China Institute of International Studies.

However, Li said, it remained to be seen whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of "Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet".
However, Li said, it remained a question whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of "Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet".

The Singaporean vehicles were impounded by customs on Nov 23"because there was a suspected breach of Hong Kong law", said Roy Tang, commissioner of customs and excise of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

However, Li said, it remained a question whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of "Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet".

The Singaporean vehicles were impounded by customs on Nov 23"because there was a suspected breach of Hong Kong law", said Roy Tang, commissioner of customs and excise of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

The reason that Duterte distanced his country from the US alliance is because he is fully aware of the negative impact the US' strategic pivot to Asia has had on regional peace and stability.

While some of us can wait for another 10, 20 or 50 years to resolve a territorial dispute that has existed for decades, many Filipinos still suffer in poverty because of the lack of resources and opportunities in our country," he said.

Japan-ROK ties have indeed been improving not because of deepening mutual trust but because of the Obama administration's "rebalancing" to the Asia-Pacific strategy and the deployment of THAAD, which makes them feel more secure.

But the arbitration later proved to be a farce because of China's effective counter-measures.

But Obama has been beating around the concept, possibly because he doesn't want Washington's allies in Asia to believe the US has accepted China as an equal.

"A strong navy and a strong air force are crucial to safeguarding China's sovereignty in the South China Sea" because a mighty military is a deterrence, Zhou Yongsheng, a professor of international relations at China Foreign Affairs University, told the audience at the ceremony on Thursday.

Most critically, because China must deepen its reforms to achieve its oft-promised goal of a “moderately prosperous society” by 2020, the resistance of entrenched interest groups must be overcome.

Trade and economic frictions are expected to increase, though, because being a businessman, Trump has his own ideas about trade and during his election campaign, he vowed to act tough on China.

And although the US Congress is not likely to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, the Trump administration may put it back on the policy agenda after revising it, because it is aimed at furthering American interests.

It only lays bare the hypocrisy of the US and its allies because they have either helped create or provoked the maritime disputes in the waters themselves.

His military policy, however, remains uncertain because he did not talk much about it during the election campaign.

They hope that an anti-China alliance could be forged between the world's second most populous nation and third-largest economy, because of China's longstanding territorial dispute with India and its spat with Japan over the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.

The US ship entered the Xisha Islands waters at a time when Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte was paying a state visit to China, which most observers believed would improve Beijing-Manila relations, especially because the two sides announced they would resolve their dispute in the South China Sea through peaceful dialogue.

The last few months of the Obama administration should not be marked by heightened tensions between Beijing and Washington in the South China Sea, because that can harm bilateral ties.

He wants diplomatic independence, because that is in his country's best interests.

Tokyo and Washington do not have to worry too much about Duterte's "realignment" statements, because he is only seeking to maximize his country's gains from the turbulence.

Sanders' democratic socialism proved immensely popular, precisely because it resonates with those who are deeply disappointed by the malfunctions of American democracy.

Their narrow-mindedness leads them to think Manila is backing down from its South China Sea position and distancing itself from Washington and its security alliance with the US because it wants economic benefits from Beijing.

It comes at a time when China-Philippines ties have nosedived to a historical low because of the farcical South China Sea arbitration case brought by Duterte's predecessor Benigno Aquino III against China.

"We take away war or violence, because that is not a good option.

"I talked about the CUES quite a bit because it's such a great example of how we can manage our way towards dispute resolution without creating problems, particularly conflict," he said, adding that it was "very successful.

And that was made possible because Chinese leaders have adhered to the doctrine of "concentration on construction and development" for four decades.

This is worrying, because "not marching forward means sliding backward" for the fragile relationship, as President Xi Jinping put it.

In recent years, Sino-Japanese relations have suffered one setback after another because of certain factors.

Compared with the US, China's policy of non-interference in other countries' internal affairs could also be a reason behind Duterte's stance, especially because Aquino III's policy of allowing Washington to use Manila as a chess piece in its "pivot to Asia" strategy has created a sense of insecurity in the Philippines.

Roy believes it's too hard to predict the US foreign policy in the next administration now because of the stark differences of the two candidates.

However, those who harbored such feelings were disappointed because the leaders of China and ASEAN member states vowed to ease tensions in the South China Sea and deepen their cooperation.
Asian countries should cherish the hard-won peaceful environment in the region, because it has been the basis of their economic development and social progress in recent years.

” When asked about recent news reports that the Trump administration was considering banning Chinese students from American universities, Cui said that if that were true, it is “a very dangerous situation, because so many Chinese students are studying here, and a growing number of American students are studying in China”.

We had every reason to anticipate louder, harsher Japan-bashing on Sunday, because the 85th anniversary of such a date of shame coincided with an obvious nadir of bilateral ties.

Goldstein thought Friedberg, who served from 2003 to 2005 as deputy assistant for national security affairs in the office of Vice-President Dick Cheney, was useful to him because he was good at asking the big and fundamental questions.

Goldstein, who started work on Sept 10, 2001, a day before the Sept 11 terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center in New York, said the EP-3 crisis helped him land the job because the school needed more China experts.

Goldstein thought Friedberg, who served from 2003 to 2005 as deputy assistant for national security affairs in the office of Vice-President Dick Cheney, was useful to him because he was good at asking the big and fundamental questions.

Goldstein, who started work on Sept 10, 2001, a day before the Sept 11 terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center in New York, said the EP-3 crisis helped him land the job because the school needed more China experts.

When asked about recent news reports that the Trump administration considered banning Chinese students from studying at American universities, Cui said if it is true, “this is a very dangerous situation because so many Chinese students are studying here, and a growing number of American students are studying in China.

The political differences are harder to resolve because of the US' critical attitude about China's political system.

But if a war really breaks out between the two sides, it will be different because both sides would fight to their respective advantages.

The report's claim that China will suffer more losses than the US also sounds unconvincing, because even a poorly armed Chinese military has almost always ended up defeating a more powerful enemy.
Since the report reflects the ideas of some Washington officials, US think tanks should make efforts to help promote cooperation and reduce the differences between China and the US, instead of fomenting trouble between the two largest economies, because the two sides need more positive energy to guide their relations in the right direction.

The "Golden Era" is not an empty slogan because there have been many concrete "golden fruits".
In this context, Ramos' recent visit to Hong Kong made sense because a high-profile Philippine leader's visit to the mainland at this stage could unnerve the US and Japan and thus could backfire.

Although the Chinese companies can appeal against the move in a week, they are not likely to succeed in leasing Ausgrid because the Australian federal government can use "national security" again to veto their bid, as it had done to the SGCC bid for Transgrid in the same state in November.

Some security analysts have even alleged that a Chinese-controlled Ausgrid could be shut down because of cyberattacks, and their views have been widely reported by the Western media.
And it was the most competitive bidder for Ausgrid because of its efficient management and service capacity.

Instead, the analysts abandoned rational thinking to connect a Chinese world-class company's project in Australia with a hacker attack in Ukraine－purportedly by Russia-linked hackers－which US officials called a nightmare scenario because of their selfish interests.

Northern Territory Chief Minister Adam Giles said the criticisms are aimed at instilling fear among Australians against China, especially because the Chinese company "has submitted a full application to the Foreign Investment Review Board of Australia regarding its desire.

Even if the Sino-Australia Free Trade Agreement, the result of nearly 10 years of hard negotiations, comes into effect two months later, Chinese investments in Australia will remain a contentious issue because Canberra chose to side with Washington against Beijing in the South China Sea dispute.

But China-Vietnam relations also face challenges, for instance, because of the unilateral and protectionist policies of some countries, which have created uncertainties worldwide.

"These soldiers don't want to fight but are eager to win because they can then go home," Wu says.
Sovereignty and core interests While the ruling did not determine sovereignty - because the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea cannot rule on sovereignty - it did seek to adjudicate territorial and economic zones from maritime features such as islands, rocks and reefs.

"It is our territory not because we are closer to it," he continued.

"There is a joke that in Vietnam and the Philippines no one is allowed to go swimming in the ocean, because if you start to swim, you invade China's territory.

First, China is not an 'emerging power' because China is a big country with a 5,000-year civilization.
Sovereignty and core interests While the ruling did not determine sovereignty - because the UN Law of the Sea cannot rule on sovereignty - it did seek to adjudicate territorial and economic zones from maritime features such as islands, rocks and reefs.

"It is our territory not because we are closer to it," he continued.

How could it be possible for us to divide them by distance and give them to you because you are closer to them.

"There is a joke that in Vietnam and the Philippines no one is allowed to go swimming in the ocean, because if you start to swim, you invade China's territory.

We are eligible to set them on our own reef, because we have the right to fully dominate the reef.
First, China is not an 'emerging power' because China is a big country with a 5,000-year civilization.

The freedom of navigation and overflight in the South China Sea is one excuse Japan has used to explain its concerns over the disputes, because Japan's postwar rise would not have been possible if it wouldn't have been able to import its oil and export its products through the waters.

The judicial interpretation marks a giant step forward because it puts all these together and makes the procedures clear.

But judicial measures are needed as well, because strict legal procedures will dispel accusations that China is acting unlawfully.

And this time, it is not because of China's protest but because Filipinos are questioning why such a huge amount was spent on the arbitration.

The questions have drawn the attention of the international community, too, because $30 million is not a small amount for the Philippines or any other country.

Was the ruling delivered in Manila's favor because it paid millions of dollars to the arbitrators.
All these make it important for Manila to disclose how much money it actually spent on the arbitration case, more so because it proclaims the award's legitimacy and significance.

Zhong, who was on a personal visit to Vietnam, did not respond immediately at the airport because she cannot speak Vietnamese, but she later told China National Radio that she felt insulted and was "very disappointed at the personal qualities of Vietnamese officials".

Any suggestion that China should accept the arbitration ruling first then negotiate will run into a stonewall because it is in direct contradiction to China's stance of neither participating in, nor accepting the arbitration, and neither recognizing, nor honoring the ruling.

China refused to participate and accept this kind of arbitration because of lack of precedents like this in the world.

The US has been sending its gun boats and carriers into the South China Sea to enforce the so-called freedom of navigation in the South China Sea because it wants to blackmail China to accept the ruling.

Liu said it cannot be accepted because the tribunal that made the ruling has no rights to decide on issues relating to sovereignty; the award did not follow the procedure of bilateral negotiation first; and the ruling did not exercise a procedure that is equitable and reasonable.

First, because the ruling concerns sovereignty issues, and issues of territorial sovereignty are beyond the scope of the UNCLOS (United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea), therefore the tribunal's ruling is beyond its jurisdiction.

Secondly, because bilateral channels of negotiation comes before arbitration in the dispute settlement mechanism of the Convention, and China and the Philippines have not yet had bilateral negotiations, it is against the standard procedure for the tribunal to intervene, Liu said.

However, the Philippines should not use the arbitral ruling as a bargain chip during the negotiation because China will never accept it, he said.

Closer and smoother coordination between their military forces will put them in a better position to respond to potential threats and even a crisis in the region, which is unsettled because of territorial disputes and the tensions relating to the Korean Peninsula.

Such protests have much to do with the tense relationship between China and the US because of Washington's interference in the South China Sea disputes.

But whether the British soldiers who committed crimes in Iraq will stand trial at home or in the ICC remains unclear, because the ICC only plays a supplementary role in Britain's domestic criminal jurisdiction.

US soldiers will enjoy the same immunity, because Washington has not ratified the Rome Statute and signed immunity agreements with some countries.

He urged the Philippines to consider with regard to its so-called allies that "superpowers come and go, but neighbors are more important because you have to live with them in the region".

Military exercises are expensive, Zhao says, adding that China doesn't want to conduct such large-scale military drills and has authorized them only because of continuous provocations from the US, Japan and countries in the South China Sea region.

Military exercises are expensive, Zhao said, and China doesn't want to conduct such large-scale military drills and has authorized them only because of continuous provocations from the US, Japan and other countries in the South China Sea region.

He urged the Philippines to consider with regard to its so-called allies that "super powers come and go, but neighbors are more important because you have to live with them in the region.

He hoped no country will take the ruling seriously and make further claims based on the decision because China regards it as illegal.

He urged the Philippines over the role of the so-called allies as "super powers come and go, but neighbors are more important because you have to live with them in the region.

There is no denying, however, that the online call to boycott Philippine and US goods is related to the arbitration case because those two countries were behind the move on the South China Sea issue.
The boycott call is reminiscent of the mass protests in 2012, when China-Japan relations soured because of their dispute over Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.

The Philippines should not rely on the United States to resolve South China Sea disputes because it will go not to war with China over the issue, a renowned Singaporean scholar said on Monday.

Not only because of its domestic policies, but also its resources," he said on the sidelines of a think tank seminar on the South China Sea held in Singapore.

Zheng called on the US to stop meddling in the maritime disputes because its interference has made the situation more complicated.

The senior expert also questioned the sense of the tribunal's ruling, saying that if Taiping Island is not an island, as was said in the ruling, the world map will have to be revised, because many islands occupied by other countries, including Japan, would fall under the same category.

"They will not undertake actions in near future, because this award is actually unhelpful to their claim (all land features are rocks with no entitlement of 200 nautical miles)," she told China Daily by e-mail before the seminar.

They exaggerate the South China Sea issue just because they have other political calculations.
"They will not undertake actions in near future, because this award is actually unhelpful to their claim (all land features are rocks with no entitlement of 200 nautical miles)," she told China Daily by e-mail before the seminar.

They exaggerate the South China Sea issue just because they have other political calculations.
"Unfortunately, because of what is happening in the South China Sea, there is reason to be concerned about the current state of this relationship.

The IS has now become the most complicated foe for the US, not only because of its military success in the region, but also because its ideological appeal extends far beyond the borders of Iraq and Syria.

Still, many argue the US does need to be tough with China, because China has taken advantage of the US by violating World Trade Organization rules and stealing its technologies.

Which means incidents and policies can sometimes disrupt the trend of China-US cooperation but never stop it, because the driving force of common interests does not change.

So we have even more confidence about the future of Europe because we know that the UK and Europe will find new forms of cooperation to improve economic development.

Its role becomes more valuable and extremely important because of the Korean anti-missile deployment and the South China Sea disputes.
So it is critical that all ASEM countries truly understand each other's core interests, as it will lead to win-win integration of Asian and European nations, because we are all sub-prime states.

He said Japan should be clear about the history of the South China Sea issue because the Chinese islands were taken by Japan during World War II and were returned to China after Japan's surrender.
There is enough reason for China to do so, because the ruling, along with the arbitration, is null and void and thus not binding.

As such, the tribunal's ruling will have no impact on China, because the country's decision to not accept or implement it is in line with UNCLOS, which should be respected by one and all.

In a statement justifying its "jurisdiction" over the Philippines' case, the tribunal separated a country's maritime interests from its sovereignty, while questioning the validity of bilateral or multilateral agreements because they do not rule out the possibility of third-party intervention.
Keyuan Zou, Harris Professor of International Law at the University of Central Lancashire You cannot have arbitration if one side says it does not participate, because arbitration is between two parties who want to participate.

This is particularly ridiculous when it comes to the United States, because it does not adhere to a large number of international treaties.

But there is no moral high ground to claim here, because the ruling is inherently biased, unjust, and thus not executable.

The ruling's stillbirth was predestined, not just because of Beijing's stance of no participation and no acceptance, which it stated from the very beginning, and which it reiterated on July 12 after the ruling was announced.

But, more importantly, because Beijing is correct in claiming that it is safeguarding international law by basing its position in strict accordance with international law and on solid jurisprudential foundations.

The highly disputed arbitration, unilaterally initiated by the administration of former Philippine president Benigno Aquino III in January 2013, was criticized by maritime law experts and scholars around the world because of the tribunal's lack of justifiable jurisdiction in the case.

To continue to maintain that momentum in bilateral interactions, Turnbull needs to be politically pragmatic and flexible, especially because the South China Sea issue has put him to immediate test.
In the South China Sea issue, the wise choice for Australia would be to stay neutral because the sea, thanks to the US' meddling, has become increasingly volatile.

But because of the maneuverings and instigations of non-regional powers, the administration of former Philippine president Benigno Aquino III used public tools to make unlawful gains.
” Pan Jin'e, an expert on Vietnamese studies with the academy, said that besides the discussion on the South China Sea, the meeting was important because it was the first between the two leaders after Vietnam's key Party conference elected the new leadership.

The public at large is usually more familiar with the International Court of Justice than with the Permanent Court of Arbitration, partly because of the closed nature of cases handled by the PCA and also the small number of cases dealt with between 1946 and 1990.

It was reported by AFP that, on 4 February 1974, the then Indonesian Foreign Minister Adam Malik stated that, "si nous regardons les cartes actuelles, elles montrent que les deux archipels des Paracels[Xisha Qundao] et des Spratleys [Nansha Qundao] appartiennent à la Chine", and that because we recognize the existence of only one China, "cela signifie que, pour nous, ces archipels appartiennent à la République populaire de Chine".

This is because as far as sovereignty is concerned, the tribunal has not been designed to settle disputes.

The highly disputed arbitration, unilaterally initiated by the administration of former Philippine president Benigno Aquino III in January 2013, was criticized by maritime law experts and scholars around the world because of the tribunal's lack of justifiable jurisdiction in the case.

China firmly stands for freedom of navigation in the South China Sea, because these sea lanes are the economic life lines for China and many countries in the region.

In its second annual Top Tech Cities in the World ranking report released in November, Expert Market, a business resources company, gave the Zhongguancun tech hub top spot because of its favorable climate for early-stage funding and Beijing's affordable cost of living.

It was reported by AFP that, on 4 February 1974, the then Indonesian Foreign Minister Adam Malik stated that, "si nous regardons les cartes actuelles, elles montrent que les deux archipels des Paracels [Xisha Qundao] et des Spratleys [Nansha Qundao] appartiennent à la Chine", and that because we recognize the existence of only one China, "cela signifie que, pour nous, ces archipels appartiennent à la République populaire de Chine".

But many in the US have mistaken China's political stability and growing military as a threat because of their Cold War mindset and thus resorted to measures to contain China's rise.

It is doing so mainly because it feels China's strategic orientation doesn't conform to its expectations.
Also, the US need not worry about a "Beijing consensus" replacing the "Washington consensus", because once countries start building a community of shared interests, globalization, multi-polarity, and pluralism will become the dominant trend.

The reason that the panel dared to continue its existence and make the ruling, and challenge the territorial integrity of China, a permanent member of the UN Security Council, despite China’s repeated announcement of its position of non-participating and non-accepting its ruling, is because it served the strategic interests of the United States in the region.

There is enough reason for China to do so, because the ruling, along with the arbitration, is null and void and thus not binding.

As such, the tribunal's ruling will have no impact on China, because the country's decision to not accept or implement it is in line with UNCLOS, which should be respected by one and all.

In a statement justifying its "jurisdiction" over the Philippines' case, the tribunal separated a country's maritime interests from its sovereignty, while questioning the validity of bilateral or multilateral agreements because they do not rule out the possibility of third-party intervention.
Wang Wen, executive dean of the think tank Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China, said that safeguarding sovereignty does not mean using force, because peace, stability and development are the "main themes" of the South China Sea.

But there is no moral high ground to claim here, because the ruling is inherently biased, unjust, and thus not executable.

The ruling's stillbirth was predestined, not just because of Beijing's stance of no participation and no acceptance, which it stated from the very beginning, and which it reiterated on Tuesday after the ruling was announced.

But, more importantly, because Beijing is correct in claiming that it is safeguarding international law by basing its position in strict accordance with international law and on solid jurisprudential foundations.

The term “eventually” clearly indicates that negotiation is the only means chosen by the two States for resolving their disputes, and that other means including compulsory arbitration have been excluded, because “the absence of an express exclusion of any procedure is not decisive” for States to exercise the rights to exclude further procedures by their agreement (the Southern Bluefin Tuna arbitration, Award on Jurisdiction and Admissibility, para.

John Ross, well-known columnist in Britain, former deputy mayor of London -- You can not have arbitration if one side says it does not participate, because arbitration is between two parties who want to participate.

This is particularly ridiculous when it comes to the United States because it does not adhere to a large number of international treaties.

Juan Carlos Capunay Chavez, Peruvian ambassador to China -- The base and beginning of any dialogue or negotiation is the bilateral dialogue, because definitely when you go through some bilateral negotiation there are many details the court does not know, which is not part of the problem.
In the arbitration on the South China Sea, the tribunal held that the Philippines' "pretending" claims only refer to the interpretation of UNCLOS, only because the exempted issue of maritime demarcation was not literally included in the Philippines' claims.

Beijing has to stick to its stance of not acknowledging or accepting, let alone implementing, the arbitral tribunal's ruling, simply because it will be illegal and thus null, and void.
Once issued, the ruling will serve as a barometer of future China-US relations, but it is not likely to lead to a military conflict because it will not be good for either side and neither wants to escalate the already high tensions in the South China Sea.

Beijing should not only keep a close eye on countries that put military pressure on it to accept the arbitral tribunal's ruling, but also take measures to challenge the tribunal because it has exceeded and abused its powers by dealing with a case it has no jurisdiction over.

China and the US, on their parts, should exercise restraint and seek ways to reach a compromise on the South China Sea issue, because it does not define their bilateral ties.

What Secretary Mattis would say is not known, but what the Chinese hosts would reply is highly predictable just because China’s positions on all these issues have been consistent and persistent.
And because of this, it tries as much as it can to keep the differences and even disputes with the US under control.

But because both sides still have some different views on the COC, it will be a hard and relatively long process.

Exploring new channels of mutual benefit Enhancing pragmatic and functional cooperation can also be seen as one type of CBM, because it will help promote trust and confidence.

All these efforts and initiatives should be encouraged and given more support, because these are quite positive factors for maintaining regional maritime security.

Now the need for China is to continue working for peninsula peace, and making efforts to restore complete economic cooperation with the DPRK, which suffered because of the tensions on the peninsula.

Besides, Japan maintains strong vigilance against China because of the latter's growing economic and military buildup.

Non-regional powers are opposed to the establishment of a free trade zone between China, Japan and the Republic of Korea precisely because it will undercut their influence in East Asia.

Some countries, especially in the Middle East, are encountering chaos because of civil wars, political upheavals and other reasons, and the number of refugees has crossed 70 million.

It is likely therefore that the US will realize that protectionism and confrontation cannot "make America great again" after swallowing the bitter fruit of the seed it has sowed, especially because China has made it clear it will not back off from a US-orchestrated trade war.

We should make them sustainable because it is our goal to have cooperation for peace, stability and development.

"We are part of the BRI, because there are areas of cooperation beneficial not only to China, but also to the Philippines and Southeast Asia.

In another Year of the Dog 120 years ago, when China was poor and weak because of domestic turmoil and foreign aggression, a group of patriotic Chinese pushed for a "Hundred Days' Reform".
In another Year of the Dog 120 years ago, when China was poor and weak because of domestic turmoil and foreign aggression, a group of patriotic Chinese pushed for a "Hundred Days' Reform".

So, because of this, we see that there are broad areas of possible cooperation that we can pursue.

The key point, however, the key emphasis is on connectivity, because this is where we see particular areas of interest.

Because it helps connectivity, because it helps in promoting bilateral relations, it also helps in giving concrete expression to the Belt and Road Initiative.

One, because of our geography, and second because we have to first deal with our neighborhood.
And so, I think, the Philippines, for historical and cultural reasons in the past, have tended to be close to Spain, because Spain colonized us for centuries, for the U.
, which also colonized us for, since the beginning of the 21st century, and Japan also, because Japan is a neighboring country and we have good relations with Japan.

And because it is the 600th anniversary this year, it has become one of the points of interest, in terms of developing tourism, and people to people relationships, and sound Philippine historians as well as Chinese historians have been researching this topic.

And, trying to figure out what lessons we can learn from the Chinese experience that would be useful in alleviating poverty in the Philippines, because this is one of the key challenges facing the current administration.

"The dispute on the South China Sea has affected China-ASEAN relations in recent years and it was mainly because the declaration on the conduct was not effectively followed," he said.

The South China Sea disputes, which involve China and some ASEAN members, have existed for decades, but approached boiling point last year because of the instigations by some countries outside the region, particularly the United States and Japan, to create divisions within the bloc and with China.
