Two years after the arbitration court ruling in favour of Philippines' South China Sea case and rejecting China's so-called nine-dash line, disputes continue to rage even as China and ASEAN formally enter negotiations towards a Code of Conduct framework.

Philippine Rodrigo Duterte called for a cabinet meeting after the Philippines won the arbitration case against China over the disputed South China Sea.

The South China Sea dispute is one of the most pressing security issues in East Asia, especially with tensions boiling after China's recent massive island reclamation following its unilateral territorial claim of 80 per cent of the whole sea under the nine-dash line.

But, as Sakhuja pointed out, the regional perception towards that particular Maritime Silk Road is not positive. He said regional countries are, "anxious because they don't know for sure if it is another ploy by the Chinese," adding, "There must be more clarity on the China's side."

The tension in the South China Sea is not because of the implementation of international law but because international law has not been fully respected.

The South China Sea (East Sea) dispute is an issue that directly affects four of the ASEAN countries, but indirectly affects the whole of ASEAN because it is a security issue in the middle of Southeast Asia.

President Xi Jinping said the islands have been Chinese territory since ancient times and Beijing will not accept any action based on the decision, according to the official Xinhua news agency.

The Hague award is legally binding yet whether it will be observed by relevant parties, particularly China in this case, is another matter, due to a lack of an international enforcement mechanism.

Besides, global security governance has suffered a setback due to major countries expanding their defense budgets and attaching increasing importance to traditional security.

However, due to its strained ties with China as a result of their territorial dispute and its concerns about having lost status because of China's growing influence in the region, Japan has been ramping up its efforts to oppose China in regional and international issues.

Singapore holds special significance to Chinese diplomacy not only because of its longstanding role as "middleman" between China and the West, but also because it is the current official coordinator of China-ASEAN relations, and will assume the presidency of ASEAN next year.

The Donald Trump administration is continuing that practice, perhaps because it perceives the so-called freedom of navigation operations as a major US strategy to check China's influence in the region.

"Individual persons in the Philippines laid indiscreet accusations towards China only because they attempted to stir up tension between China and the Philippines," Hua said in response at a daily news conference in Beijing.

Wars occur not because of a certain cycle but because of expansionist greed for capital and resources.

The latest provocation shows Trump is yet to discard the strategy of stirring up confrontation in the South China Sea adopted by his predecessor. Such a practice is both dangerous and counterproductive because it could easily throw China-US relations off balance and squander the fruitful results achieved so far in advancing bilateral cooperation.

Many nations are hesitant to participate in the ISDS framework because a third-party’s ability to order the state itself to pay large sums of money—which is understandably disconcerting for less familiar and stable nations.

Using "freedom of navigation operation" as an excuse appears particularly ridiculous as the once tense situation there has conspicuously defused because countries in the region have agreed to resolve their maritime disputes with China through dialogue.

Many Chinese still cannot understand why the "China threat" theory has been hyped from time to time in Australia, because being thousands of miles away from Australia, China cannot possibly pose any direct threat to the country.

But compared with the high standards of some other countries' navies, China's general naval strength is not that satisfactory, because its aircraft, submarine and other vessels are not yet a cohesive force.

We should realize that China still faces maritime threats such as contradictions, frictions, even the threat of war because of the disputes over sovereignty and jurisdiction of islands and reefs, marine resources and strategic sea lanes.

A country poses a threat to other countries because of its national defense policy and strategy, not its military power.

In the past, military exchanges were the vulnerable aspect of China-US relations, because they were often the first to be cut off when bilateral relations soured.

It will definitely worsen relations between Beijing and Tokyo, which are already tense because of the Shinzo Abe administration's refusal to face up squarely to history and its previous provocative actions.

Protests were organized after Lotte Group, a business conglomerate headquartered in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju where the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes because it will destabilize the strategic balance in East Asia in favor of the United States.

Fu said there is no need for other countries to take caution against China's defense measures because the nation has never caused any harm to others.

However, Li said, it remained to be seen whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of "Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet".


The Singaporean vehicles were impounded by customs on Nov 23"because there was a suspected breach of Hong Kong law", said Roy Tang, commissioner of customs and excise of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

The reason that Duterte distanced his country from the US alliance is because he is fully aware of the negative impact the US' strategic pivot to Asia has had on regional peace and stability.

While some of us can wait for another 10, 20 or 50 years to resolve a territorial dispute that has existed for decades, many Filipinos still suffer in poverty because of the lack of resources and opportunities in our country," he said.

Japan-ROK ties have indeed been improving not because of deepening mutual trust but because of the Obama administration's "rebalancing" to the Asia-Pacific strategy and the deployment of THAAD, which makes them feel more secure

But Obama has been beating around the concept, possibly because he doesn't want Washington's allies in Asia to believe the US has accepted China as an equal.

"A strong navy and a strong air force are crucial to safeguarding China's sovereignty in the South China Sea" because a mighty military is a deterrence, Zhou Yongsheng, a professor of international relations at China Foreign Affairs University, told the audience at the ceremony on Thursday.

And although the US Congress is not likely to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, the Trump administration may put it back on the policy agenda after revising it, because it is aimed at furthering American interests.

It only lays bare the hypocrisy of the US and its allies because they have either helped create or provoked the maritime disputes in the waters themselves.

They hope that an anti-China alliance could be forged between the world's second most populous nation and third-largest economy, because of China's longstanding territorial dispute with India and its spat with Japan over the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.

The last few months of the Obama administration should not be marked by heightened tensions between Beijing and Washington in the South China Sea, because that can harm bilateral ties.




