But since rising nationalism is threatening to shake the foundation of global security governance, giving rise to multiple new challenges, such a consensus seems a distant dream.

The five years since the 18th National Congress have been a truly remarkable five years in the course of the development of the Party and the country.

The Past Five Years: Our Work and Historic Change The five years since the 18th National Congress have been a truly remarkable five years in the course of the development of the Party and the country.

This is what socialism with Chinese characteristics entering a new era means: The Chinese nation, which since modern times began had endured so much for so long, has achieved a tremendous transformation: it has stood up, grown rich, and is becoming strong; it has come to embrace the brilliant prospects of rejuvenation.

National rejuvenation has been the greatest dream of the Chinese people since modern times began.
On the regional level, Trump needs to recognize that much has changed in the region since his predecessor instigated a rebalancing to Asia strategy to reinforce the US' leadership role in the Asia-Pacific.

On the regional level, Trump needs to recognize that much has changed in the region since his predecessor instigated a rebalancing to Asia strategy to reinforce the US' leadership role in the Asia-Pacific.

And it will have little effect in slowing the momentum with which the initiative is being rolled out since those that have less of a bias against China recognize it is a platform for nourishing inclusive growth.

The two Leaders recalled the historical ties of China-Brunei Darussalam relations, and agreed that the bilateral relations have enjoyed rapid development since the establishment of diplomatic relations.

Both sides fully recognise the progress made in various fields of practical cooperation over the past 5 years since the establishment of the China-Brunei Darussalam Strategic Cooperative Relationship, and agreed to elevate the bilateral relations to a Strategic Cooperative Partnership, promoting their relations to new heights.

Reassuring the world that China will always adhere to peace regardless of how powerful it becomes in the future, Xi has built on the foundations of friendship and sincerity, mutual respect for core interests and major concerns, dialogue and non-confrontation, and a win-win approach.

With such a goal, it is natural that China should seek to develop friendly and reciprocal ties with countries around the world, especially those on its periphery, and natural that it should adhere to the principles of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness in its relations with other countries.

[Photo/Xinhua] To everyone concerned about the recent vicissitudes in China-Singapore relations, Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's ongoing China visit, his first state visit since August 2013, is welcome, and it is being perceived as a sign that the soured bilateral ties are recovering.
"The South China Sea islands have been China's territory since ancient times.

South China Sea by Fang Jianping / China DailyWhether the Donald Trump administration will order the US Navy to conduct more "freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea in the next few months will serve as a barometer for the international community to gauge the sincerity of the United States in not only continuing its good relations with China but also in maintaining peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.

And Chinese investment in Australia last year reached its highest level since the 2008 global financial crisis - $11.
Chinese investment in Australia reached its highest level since the global financial crisis of 2008, at $11.
Over the past 70 years and more since the end of the Second World War, Asia has achieved progress and prosperity thanks to economic globalization and opening-up and cooperation among countries in the region.
China is sincerely committed to take forward COC consultations.
The just-concluded inaugural China International Import Expo fully demonstrated China's sincere desire and voluntary steps to open up its market and share development opportunity with other countries.
Chinese investment in Australia also reached its highest level since the global financial crisisof 2008, at $11.
In announcing its decision, Qatar did not mention the diplomatic crisis roiling Gulf Arab nations since June, when Qatar found its land, sea and air routes cut off by its neighbors over Doha's policies across the Middle East.
Bush jump into Iraq War in 2003, having coerced the West into believing Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction and leaving the region that in decades of chaos ever since.
Which is something the US military has been doing with its so-called freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea since former US president Barack Obama initiated his strategy of rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific.
Xi said that since their dialogue partnership was built in 1991, China and ASEAN have stayed true to cooperation and development, their political mutual trust has deepened and their pragmatic cooperation has seen fruitful outcomes.
He noted that ASEAN has played an important role in securing regional peace and stability since its founding half a century ago, and it has become a force that represents the world's developing multipolar nature.
After years of gradual encroachment of Chinese islands and reefs, figures show that since 2007, Vietnam has increased the pace of its large-scale land reclamation on 21 of the illegally occupied islands and reefs, and even built a number of new military facilities in the South China Sea.
It is high time that Vietnam readjusts its approach and attitude, and sincerely joins the efforts of regional countries to promote peace and common prosperity in the South China Sea.
Vowing China will be "the most sincere and enduring partner" of the Philippines for its national development, Wang also promised strong Chinese support for the latter in domestic and international affairs, including its crusade against drugs and terrorism.
In the second "freedom of navigation" operation conducted by the US Navy since US President Donald Trump took office, the missile destroyer USS Stethem trespassed in China's territorial waters off the Xisha Islands on Sunday.
President Xi Jinping and Trump reached an important consensus when they met in Mar-a-Lago, Florida, in April, and since then mutual efforts have been made to forge a constructive partnership.
Last year, the Abe administration ramrodded a controversial security bill through parliament, giving the green light to the SDF for the first time since the end of World War II to engage in armed conflicts overseas even when Japan is not under attack.
That's the question Xi has elaborated on in many major diplomatic occasions, including the SCO summits, since he took office in 2013.
Right at this moment, Syria still struggles in a long-running civil war; the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula risks a flare-up; last year was the hottest year since modern recordkeeping began in 1880.
SECURITY FOR ALL Ever since taking office, the Chinese leader has elaborated on numerous major diplomatic occasions, including the SCO summits, his vision on how to build a safer Asia and a more secure world.
As a result, sea levels are rising at an accelerating pace, extreme events like droughts, forest fires, floods, major storms, have doubled since 1990, and some 1,688 endangered species of animals and plants have been negatively affected.
Ever since the policy of “One Belt One Road Initiative” was propounded by President Xi Jinping, the Gulf Region Countries (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Iraq and Iran)whole heartedly appreciated and pledge their co-operation to it.
At present, China and the Arab countries have reached a consensus in projects, such as the China-Arab technology transfer centre, and the Training Centre for peaceful use of nuclear energy in Arab, clean energy training centre in Arab, and the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) has landing in the Arab world, showing the sincere wish and a huge potential of the cooperation between the two sides.
Such navigation in itself is worth no fuss, even if it is a first since Donald Trump assumed the US presidency.
China started to mediate on the Korean nuclear issue and host talks in 2003, at the United States' sincere request.
As the two sides reached an impasse, the DPRK took the opportunity to move forward with its program and, since 2005, has carried out five nuclear tests and numerous missile tests.
Japan's Ministry of Defense said the inaugural mission, since contentious new legislation took effect last year, is aimed at showing that the Japan-US alliance stands firm amid rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
The Izumo helicopter carrier is the largest warship Japan has entered into service since World War II.
[Photo/CRI]Ever since its first aircraft carrier, the CNS Liaoning, was commissioned in 2012 China has been trying to build such vessels using domestic technology.
And since no new maritime force is likely to replace an aircraft carrier-based formation in the next couple of decades, China has no choice but to develop its capability to build aircraft carriers if it wants to develop a navy with a wider reach.
He noted that the Trump administration is still in the process of formulating its China policy and other policies due to the short time since it took office and the staffing problems which have left many positions unfilled so far.
He noted that the Trump administration is still in the process of formulating its China policy and other policies due to the short time since it took office and the staffing problems which have left many positions unfilled so far.
The fact that Jiro Akama became the highest-ranking Japanese government official to visit the island in an official capacity since 1972, when Beijing and Tokyo normalized their diplomatic relations, contradicted his claim that Japan's "relations with Taiwan are unchanged" despite the visit.
This meddling, in addition to its announced plan to send its largest warship to the South China Sea, in its largest show of military power since the end of World War II, had already revealed its intention is to stir up trouble in the region.
This is the first time that the AIIB has welcomed new prospective members to the bank since its launch in January 2016.
This will be Japan's biggest show of naval force in the region since World War II.
For a country that has never sincerely owned up to its militarist past, such an open and high-profile display of force is itself alarming, without mentioning its intended purpose of meddling in the sovereignty disputes to which it is not a party.
If she knows the history of China, she would know that China has been pursuing democracy at least since the May Fourth Movement.
With the authorization of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, since August 26, 2014, China has launched a two-year pilot reform on fast-track sentencing procedure for criminal cases in 217 primary courts in Beijing and 17 other cities.
With the authorization of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, since August 26, 2014, China has launched a two-year pilot reform on fast-track sentencing procedure for criminal cases in 217 primary courts in Beijing and 17 other cities.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has sought to improve ties with China since taking office in July last year, which has helped ratchet down tensions in the waters.
But since rising nationalism is threatening to shake the foundation of global security governance, giving rise to multiple new challenges, such a consensus seems a distant dream.
The call was the first between the leaders of the top two economies in the world since Trump's inauguration in late January.
Tensions have cooled over the South China Sea issue since China and other countries involved, including the Philippines, agreed to peacefully solve disputes through negotiations.
Tensions have cooled over the South China Sea issue since China and other countries involved, including the Philippines, agreed to peacefully solve disputes through negotiations.
Tensions have cooled over the South China Sea issue since China and other countries involved, including the Philippines, agreed to peacefully solve disputes through negotiations.
Japan has become the biggest source of imports for China since the mid-1970s.
The winning of the 2016 election by the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) has brought uncertainty to the ties since Tsai has refused to acknowledge a 1992 consensus reached by the two sides on One China.
China has long urged resumption of the Six-Party Talks suspended since 2008.
The winning of the 2016 election by the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) has brought uncertainty to the ties since Tsai has refused to acknowledge a 1992 consensus reached by the two sides on One China.
China has long urged resumption of the Six-Party Talks suspended since 2008.
Yet for those familiar with Manila's abrupt change of attitude towards the United States since Duterte took office in July, the aid package is a sweetener aimed at serving Tokyo's political purposes.
Speaking before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Mattis also said the world order is under "the biggest attack since World War II", and he blamed Russia and China's activities in the South China Sea and international terrorist organizations for its destabilization.
Asked by Senator John McCain whether the world order is now under more strain, Mattis said it's under the biggest attack since World War II.
Azerbaijan values cooperation with China and is interested in deepening trade and economic cooperation with this country, since China is one of the main suppliers of products to Azerbaijan.
The countries involved should engage in sincere and in-depth dialogue and communication to increase strategic mutual trust, reduce mutual misgivings, seek common ground while resolving differences and live in harmony with one another.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has taken steps to mend relations with China since taking office in June.
He had a phone conversation with Taiwan leader Tsai Ing-wen – the first of its kind since 1979, and he said that the US doesn't have to be bound by a one-China policy unless it can make a deal with China on other things.
Despite explanations by the President-elect himself and the White House's spokesperson afterwards, the call cast a shadow over bilateral ties, as such a thing hadn't happened in the 37 years since the two countries established diplomatic ties.
All the achievements China has made in the diplomatic field should be attributed to its regional policy of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness, its firm stance on important issues and its skillful approaches in diplomatic activities.
Abe is scheduled to visit Pearl Harbor with US President Barack Obama on Dec 26, which will make him the first sitting Japanese leader since the end of World War II to do so.
The reef is one of the 29 Chinese reefs in the South China Sea that Vietnam has illegally occupied, and it has conducted construction and reclamation work on more than 20 of them since the 1980s.
Besides, since Trump, during his election campaign, threatened to reduce, if not end the US' defense commitments toward its Asia-Pacific allies such as Japan and the Republic of Korea, he either has to pay early visits to those countries or explain that there will be no change in his administration's Asia-Pacific policy to reassure them of continued US support.
These deals are especially significant given that India has yet to ratify the international Non-Proliferation Treaty, and that the aircraft deal will be one of Japan's first sales of military equipment since it lifted a 50-year ban on arms exports.
China was Malaysia's largest trading partner in 2015, a position it has maintained since 2009, with trade last year between our countries totalling approximately USD 100 billion.
"Through offering olive branches to both China and Japan, Duterte is pursuing the Philippines' maximum national interests, since both China and Japan could offer financial support to his country," he said.
Though the Philippines has continued to soften its remarks and sought to reassure the US that it will not break up the alliance, it is clear the Philippine government under Duterte is no longer willing to be used as a pawn in the US' strategic rebalancing to Asia, which has been widely seen as intended to contain China's rise since day one.
Since the end of the Second World War, America's identity has been profoundly shaped by its status as a global power (and the world's only superpower since the breakup of the former Soviet Union in 1991).
Duterte's efforts to engage China, months after a tribunal in the Hague ruled that Beijing did not have historic rights to the South China Sea in a case brought by the previous administration in Manila, marks a reversal in foreign policy since the 71-year-old former mayor took office on June 30.
In a reflection of his keenness to repair the seriously damaged relations, the new Philippine president chose China to be the first country he visits outside the Association of Southeast Asian Nations since taking office in June.
Given the positive signs, Duterte's widely-watched visit to China functions as a litmus test of his sincerity and political wisdom.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's four-day state visit to China, scheduled to start on Tuesday, has drawn extensive attention from the international community since it was made public.
The words and actions of Duterte since being elected president indicate that the new government seems to be reconsidering the Philippines' previous diplomatic dependence on the US.
The visit, Duterte's first outside Southeast Asia since he became president in June, was announced by China's Foreign Ministry on Oct 12.
The visit, which will be Duterte's first outside Southeast Asia since he became president in June, was announced by China's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday.
Experts said the visit, scheduled for Oct 18 to 21, will be a milestone that might open a new chapter in Beijing-Manila relations as well as the South China Sea issue if Manila maintains its sincerity.
Zhou Fangyin, a professor of Chinese foreign policy at the Guangdong Institute for International Strategies, said the preparations for Duterte's visit mirror great sincerity - particularly from the Duterte administration - for thawing ties and for Beijing's vision for long-term investment in bilateral ties.
China has implemented two national human rights action plans since 2009.
But since then, it has not been involved in any large-scale foreign military conflicts.
The world has been undergoing unprecedented changes since the end of the Cold War.
China's concept of building a "new type of major country relationship" and its diplomatic idea of "amity, sincerity, reciprocity and tolerance" are the fruits of its consistent efforts to pursue peaceful development and build good-neighborly and friendly relations with countries in the region.
China attaches great importance to ties with Japan and has sincerely worked to improve bilateral ties.
But since assuming office, he has pursued a normal diplomatic policy toward China and tried to correct his predecessor Benigno Aquino III's foreign policy of antagonizing China and seeking other countries' intervention in the South China Sea issue.
These will be Duterte's first trips outside Southeast Asia since assuming office on June 30.
Lu expressed his hope that the Philippine side will work with China, show their sincerity in dialogue, properly handle differences through negotiation and consultation based on mutual respect and trust, and push bilateral ties back on a healthy track at an early date.
"Never forget the national shame" has since been the main theme of commemoration on every Sept 18.
While expressing concern over a possible arms race between major powers that leads to a new Cold War, Goldstein said China has shown admirable restraint in developing its military forces since the old days, starting with the minimum deterrence, referring to China's nuclear strategy.
While expressing concern over a possible arms race between major powers that leads to a new Cold War, Goldstein said China has shown admirable restraint in developing its military forces since the old days, starting with the minimum deterrence, referring to China's nuclear strategy.
His six-day China visit is his first since becoming prime minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc's ongoing six-day visit to China, the first since he entered that office in July, sends an encouraging signal that the two countries are determined to keep their relations on the track of stable and smooth development despite the maritime disputes between them in the South China Sea.
These many "firsts" are testimony to China's pursuit of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness in its neighborhood diplomacy.
This speaks fully to China's good faith and sincerity in working with ASEAN countries to properly handle disputes and jointly uphold peace and stability in the South China Sea.
Such a practice of double standard will only erode Australia's own credibility and fuel suspicions about Australia's sincerity about maintaining sound and robust ties with China.
For the West, but also for Chinese forces of progress, the real danger to avoid is a Chinese return to a solitary course since it would initiate an era of de-globalization as well as abort the promises of the Chinese renaissance.
In Hangzhou, Chinese President Xi Jinping and US President Barack Obama will have separate meetings, which will be their eighth since 2013.
Ever since US leaders started talking about a "pivot" or "rebalance" to Asia, they've worked under the assumption that a stronger China will inevitably pursue expansionism--and thus needs to be countered by the US and its allies.
It is his first visit to China since becoming defense minister in April.
Right now, Southeast Asian cities have taken over more and more processing operations relocated from China since 2008, to serve the markets in both the developed and more advanced developing countries.
For all the years since the 2008 global crisis, Southeast Asia has been an unsung hero in the world.
Right now, Southeast Asian cities have taken over more and more processing operations relocated from China since 2008, to serve the markets in both the developed and more advanced developing countries.
For all the years since the 2008 global crisis, Southeast Asia has been an unsung hero in the world.
Yin Zhuo, director of the Expert Consultation Committee of the People's Liberation Army Navy, said it is natural for Beijing and Moscow to hold a drill in the South China Sea this year, since they have previously held exercises in other coastal regions of China.
Against such a backdrop, the fact that Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has visited Tokyo a number of times since he took office in 2013 shows China's sincerity in wishing to cooperate with Japan and the ROK, the source said.
The final date of the eighth trilateral foreign ministers' meeting, the second gathering since the talks resumed in March 2015 after a three-year hiatus, was not released until Monday afternoon.
Against such a backdrop, the fact that Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi still came to Tokyo since he took office in 2013 has shown China's sufficient sincerity to cooperate with Japan and South Korea.
The final date of the eighth trilateral foreign ministers' meeting, the second gathering since the talks resumed in March 2015 after a three-year hiatus, was not released until Monday afternoon.
Against such a backdrop, the fact that Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi still came to Tokyo since he took office in 2013 has shown China's sufficient sincerity to cooperate with Japan and South Korea.
In late July, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region signed a landmark agreement with the Philippines' Palawan province, the first of its kind since the South China Sea arbitration.
The ambassador also revealed that China has kept frequent contacts with the United States on the South China Sea issue, reiterating that the issue should not be allowed to define China-US ties since the two countries have neither disputes over even one inch of territory nor fundamental clash of interests in the South China Sea.
According to KPMG, China has invested about A$70 billion ($54 billion) in Australia since 2009, and replaced the US as the largest investor in Australia in 2013.
This is the first time for the two ministers to meet since Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte took office at the end of June.
They also pledged to expand and deepen cooperation, and reiterated that they attach great importance to their long-standing friendship and high-level exchanges for long-term and strategic development, especially since 2017, which has led to practical cooperation in dealing with maritime disputes.
These agreements may seem more symbolic than substantive, since unplanned encounters at sea do not constitute a prominent concern between China and ASEAN states, even those with the most troubling disputes.
The senior officials' meeting has been held twice a year since 2011, but this is the third meeting held this year.
The report, jointly written by departments of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, is the fifth by the nongovernment think tank the China Strategic Culture Promotion Association since 2012.
The steps that China has taken ever since regarding the islands are just countermeasures to Japan's actions.
But this year's The 38th Parallel has become wildly popular since it depicts the war from not only a Chinese perspective but also remains neutral toward the Republic of Korea and United States.
It should also be clear by now that China is sincere when it expresses its willingness to solve disputes with its neighbors through dialogue and peaceful means.
"Our participation in the RIMPAC 2016 exercise is a trip for friendship, cooperation and exhibition, not only showcasing our strength, but also conveying our sincere goodwill for seeking peace," Wang Sheqiang, commanding officer of the PLA Navy taskforce, was quoted as saying in a press release posted by the Ministry of National Defense on Monday.
"Our participation in the RIMPAC 2016 exercise is a trip for friendship, cooperation and exhibition, not only showcasing our strength, but also conveying our sincere goodwill for seeking peace," Wang Sheqiang, commanding officer of the PLA Navy taskforce, was quoted as saying in a press release posted by the Ministry of National Defense on Monday.
Before this issue is settled, we can shelve differences and seek joint development, which fully demonstrates our sincerity.
But Peng's sincere mix of openness and confidence relaxed my inhibitions.
Before this issue is settled, we can shelve differences and seek joint development, which fully demonstrates our sincerity.
But Major General Peng's sincere mix of openness and confidence relaxed my inhibitions.
Now the Abe administration has embarked on a mission to amend the pacifist Constitution, a foundation of regional peace and stability since WWII, which, if they succeed, could start another cycle of war.
The Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force's provocative action has also cast doubts on Tokyo's sincerity to improve relations with Beijing at a time when Japan is making preparations for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's possible visit to China.
Actually China has published military white papers every two years since 1998, and its "active defense" strategy－"we will not attack unless we are attacked"－poses no threat to any peace-loving nations.
The white paper criticized the Democratic People's Republic of Korea for continuing provocative military actions such as conducting its fourth nuclear test in January and repeatedly launching ballistic missiles since February.
And since China refused to participate or recognize the arbitral tribunal or its ruling, the Philippines had to pay all the money.
And since the final award of the tribunal went overwhelmingly in favor of the Philippines, which is rare in international jurisdiction and arbitration history, one would be justified in questioning the impartiality of the entire arbitration process.
The Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force's provocative action has also cast doubts on Tokyo's sincerity to improve relations with Beijing at a time when Japan is making preparations for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's possible visit to China.
The reports said Vietnam had adopted such measures since 2012, when China first issued new passports with the South China Sea dotted line printed in them.
Kerry, the highest-ranking US official to visit the Philippines since Duterte took office on June 20, emphasized the importance of turning the page on the disputes and initiating talks among claimants.
Located at 2 Times Square, the 19-meter-high and 12-meter-wide "China Screen" has been displaying images of China since August 2011, telling the story of China to an estimated number of 500,000 passers-by every day.
Wang said China has not participated in the arbitration case and will not accept the so-called ruling, a position that China has made clear since day one and is supported by strong legal basis.
Yet sincerity is subject to proof.
Hence, if Manila truly wants to improve ties with Beijing, the Duterte administration needs to cast aside any illusions it may have over leveraging the arbitration ruling against China and show both sincerity and consistency in starting direct talks with China, which is the only viable way to resolve the disputes between them.
The consensus between Kerry and Wang surprised many observers, since Washington has publicly pressed Beijing to accept the recent ruling by the Arbitral Tribunal of The Hague in a case unilaterally initiated by Manila in 2013.
Wang said that since ASEAN said during the meetings that it takes no position as a whole on the arbitral ruling, the hyping about the South China Sea did not resolve the issue, but instead "offered excuses to forces outside the region to impose intervention".
WU ZHIYI / CHINA DAILYBeijing and Washington vowed on Monday to boost mutual trust and effectively control differences, in the highest-level visit by a White House official since an arbitration tribunal's ruling on the South China Sea intensified regional tensions.
So far, Brussels has not signaled it has the courage and sincerity to treat Beijing as a full strategic partner.
Zhao Junjie, an expert on European studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, says the proposals raised by the premier show that "Chinese leaders are considering the strategic direction of Asia-Europe cooperation", as the world situation has changed significantly since ASEM was initiated.
China and the US have seen their economies become increasingly interdependent since the late 1970s when China began its reform and opening-up drive.
Bilateral trade in goods between the two countries has expanded more than 200-fold since 1979, reaching $636 billion last year, with a $375 billion surplus in China's favor.
The US has been running a trade deficit every year since 1976, a deficit caused largely by US fiscal policy, the low domestic savings rate and the role of the dollar as a global reserve currency.
It is well known that a country's "historic titles" in the sea according to international law refer to its rights over the waters it has enjoyed since ancient times, which include "historic sovereignty" and "non-exclusive historic rights.
China and the US have seen their economies become increasingly interdependent since the late 1970s when China began its reform and opening-up drive.
Bilateral trade in goods between the two countries has expanded more than 200-fold since 1979, reaching $636 billion last year, with a $375 billion surplus in China's favor.
The US has been running a trade deficit every year since 1976, a deficit caused largely by US fiscal policy, the low domestic savings rate and the role of the dollar as a global reserve currency.
We sincerely hope that negotiations will be resumed soon, and then China-Philippines relations will be back on track.
And finally, I sincerely hope and believe that all of you, with your great wisdom and foresight, continue to make contributions to the bright vision of a future China-ASEAN Community of Common Destiny.
Li said the US has considered China a strategic competitor since late last year.
Naval chiefs from China and the United States are set to hold their first face-to-face meeting since the July 12 ruling on the arbitration case brought by the Philippines, which has intensified tensions in the South China Sea.
"But since certain countries commented on the issue, it is thus necessary for China to come out to clarify its stance and spell out the truth," he said.
Hence, this arbitration has been illegal since the very beginning.
The South China Sea, important to the Chinese people since ancient times, is our heritage to which our forefathers devoted their wisdom and even lives.
Thanks to these policies, since the founding of the PRC, China has settled boundary issues left over from history with 12 of its 14 neighbors on land.
Aquino has since passed into history, and the job of cleaning up his mess has fallen upon the new Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who seems willing to talk directly with China.
Steven Brill, a New York lawyer and journalist, discusses the poverty problem in the US since the 1960s in his book Tailspin.
"South China Sea islands are China's inherent territory since time immemorial," he said on behalf of the community.
Hence, this arbitration has been illegal since the very beginning.
Yang Jiechi: The South China Sea, important to the Chinese people since ancient times, is our heritage to which our forefathers devoted their wisdom and even lives.
Thanks to these policies, since the founding of the PRC, China has settled boundary issues left over from history with 12 of its 14 neighbors on land.
Hence, this arbitration has been illegal since the very beginning.
Yang Jiechi: The South China Sea, important to the Chinese people since ancient times, is our heritage to which our forefathers devoted their wisdom and even lives.
Thanks to these policies, since the founding of the PRC, China has settled boundary issues left over from history with 12 of its 14 neighbors on land.
China has pointed out that the South China Sea Islands have been its territory since ancient times.
"The South China Sea Islands have been China's territory since ancient times," he said during a meeting in Beijing with European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.
The Philippines filed the case three years ago without the consent of China, which since then has been reiterating the reasons for refusing to accept the arbitration and the ruling.
The ruling is "a piece of paper" that is destined to come to naught, since it does nothing except reveal the tribunal's degeneration into a political instrument.
While US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's elaboration on a free and open Indo-Pacific at a business forum in Washington on Monday, two days before he embarked on a trip to Asia, was not short of lofty words and promises, it did lack honesty, sincerity and substance.
Having been the dominant power in the region since the end of World War II, it now feels that position is threatened by China's rise.
The People's Republic of China, since its founding, has further upheld its sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao and relevant rights and interests in the South China Sea.
China has appreciated the virtue of "the strong should not bully the weak, and the rich should not insult the poor" since ancient times.
And since the arbitral tribunal has violated the law and acted as a marionette of external powers, the case will be treated as a farce by history.
On bilateral ties, Li said China-Vietnam relations have shown a positive momentum since last year, with early results yielding in maritime, land and financial cooperation.
The Chinese people have since ancient times lived and engaged in production activities on Nanhai Zhudao and in relevant waters.
In 1999, China began to enforce summer fishing moratorium in the South China Sea and has done so since that time.
Su Xiaohui, an international strategy studies researcher at the China Institute of International Studies, said the draft "marks the shared sincerity of China and all ASEAN member states in building rules for the region".
This becomes more relevant when a large number of those islands and reefs on its side of the Nine-Dash Line have been already seized by some of the other claimants since the 1970s.
On March 31, 2014, the United States State Department, distorting historical facts, said "China should allow" a Philippine presence on the reef, since in its opinion, there had been one since 1999.
5 percent increase over the previous year, marking the highest figure since statistics were first recorded in 1979, according to the Japanese Finance Ministry.
The Chinese people have since ancient times lived and engaged in production activities on Nanhai Zhudao and in relevant waters.
In 1999, China began to enforce summer fishing moratorium in the South China Sea and has done so since that time.
Although cooperation has been the mainstream in Sino-US relations, marred by frictions, since the two sides established diplomatic ties nearly four decades ago, the US' China strategy has gradually changed from "strategic ambiguity" (not viewing China as a friend or an enemy) to one of "strategic clarity".
Ever since the end of the Cold War, the US has been trying to undermine China’s rise in the region and in the world by encouraging the Philippines and other countries to challenge China’s long-established sovereignty over the South China Sea and occupy some of the islands claimed by China.
In response to the popular demand, Chinese government has been building its military capabilities in the South China Sea ever since Philippines unilaterally sought arbitration on the South China Sea disputes.
The South China Sea Islands have been China's territory since ancient times, and China refuses to accept any claims or activities based on the arbitral ruling, Xi said while meeting in Beijing with European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.
The Philippines filed the case three years ago without the consent of China, which since then has been reiterating the reasons for refusing to accept the arbitration and the ruling.
On Feb 19, 2013, the Chinese government solemnly declared that it neither accepts nor participates in that arbitration and has since repeatedly reiterated that position.
EU states would have to share out legitimate asylum-seekers from the centers, an idea that has divided them bitterly since 2015.
Ambrosi said he opposed locating migrant centers in strifetorn Libya and said populists in the EU failed to recognize how far the number of arrivals had dropped since 2015.
Jia Xiudong, a senior research fellow at the China Institute of International Studies, said the impartiality of the ruling itself is questionable since four of the five arbitrators responsible for the case were picked by a Japanese rightist Shunji Yanai, former president of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.
The South China Sea Islands have been China's territory since ancient times, and China refuses to accept any claims or activities based on the arbitral ruling, Xi said while meeting in Beijing with European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.
China is glad to see the sincerity of the Philippines' new government in trying to improve bilateral ties through real actions, he added.
The ruling is "a piece of paper" that is destined to come to naught, since it does nothing except reveal the tribunal's degeneration into a political instrument.
The Chinese people were the first to discover, name and develop these Islands, and China’s original title thus acquired has been maintained by its continuous and peaceful display of sovereignty ever since.
China insisted that the tribunal has no jurisdiction over the case since it is related to sovereignty and security issues.
Wang said China has noticed that the new government of the Philippines has expressed willingness to restart negotiations and dialogue over maritime disputes, and China is glad to see the sincerity of the new Philippine government to improve bilateral ties with solid action.
On 19 February 2013, the Chinese government solemnly declared that it neither accepts nor participates in that arbitration and has since repeatedly reiterated that position.
Thus, on the basis of mutual respect, sincerity, equality, mutual benefit and win-win cooperation, the Leaders decided to establish the relationship of Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation.
BEIJING -- The administration of former Philippine President Benigno Aquino III has lied in its unilaterally-initiated arbitration case against China over the South China Sea since 2013.
Yang Jiechi, State councilor "The Chinese people firmly believe that we own those land features and have done so since ancient times.
Abe has managed to enact controversial security laws, which enable Japan's Self-Defense Forces to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II and made it possible for Japan to intervene militarily in regional conflicts.
Ever since 2007, the ministries of defense of the two countries have held eight rounds of defense and security talks.
The issue seems particularly challenging since China has resolved border disputes with 12 of its 14 neighboring countries through peaceful negotiations.
In fact, China and India have joined other countries in fighting against piracy in the Indian Ocean since the end of 2008.
It would be more to the point to say that Xi is visiting a close neighbor and consolidating the good momentum in relations that has been fostered since Duterte reopened the door to cooperation.
Xi's remarks when he spoke with Duterte in Manila on Tuesday, reinforced his words at the APEC meeting, that China is sincere in wanting to form a community for common development in the region.
But the unconstructive move should perhaps come as no surprise, given the United States has changed tack in its approach toward China since the last RIMPAC.
The 2018 National Defense Strategy, the first since President Donald Trump took office, singled China out as the "revisionist power" that poses "the central challenge to US prosperity and security".
On the other hand, China's maritime diplomacy with countries such as Vietnam, the Philippines and Malaysia have proved successful since the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
But since Pyongyang sincerely wanted to negotiate the peninsula issue with the Republic of Korea and the US, it helped accelerate the process of restoring peace on the peninsula.
The confrontational factor in Sino-Japanese political ties has become increasingly prominent since then.
It would be more to the point to say that Xi is visiting a close neighbor and consolidating the good momentum in relations that has been fostered since Duterte reopened the door to cooperation.
Xi's remarks when he spoke with Duterte in Manila on Tuesday, reinforced his words at the APEC meeting, that China is sincere in wanting to form a community for common development in the region.
If they were sincere about promoting regional peace and stability and helping solve problems, they would criticize the world's sole superpower for sending its warships thousands of miles away to conduct so-called freedom of navigation operations in waters where there is no such problem at all.
If they were sincere about promoting regional peace and stability and helping solve problems, they would criticize the world's sole superpower for sending its warships thousands of miles away to conduct so-called freedom of navigation operations in waters where there is no such problem at all.
Which is no doubt factual, but also misleading, since his remark implies that such efforts are needed to secure freedom of navigation and overflight in the region and maintain stability.
By partnering with Washington in the latter's competition with China in the region, the EU may also hope to bolster its ties with the US, which have been somewhat shaky since Donald Trump entered the White House.
Which is no doubt factual, but also misleading, since his remark implies that such efforts are needed to secure freedom of navigation and overflight in the region and maintain stability.
By partnering with Washington in the latter’s competition with China in the region, the EU may also hope to bolster its ties with the US, which have been somewhat shaky since Donald Trump entered the White House.
And with the US resorting to repeated provocations against China in the South China Sea, the risks of it becoming a hotbed for China-US confrontation and even a regional flashpoint are certainly rising since the US operations increase the possibility of close encounters between the two countries' air forces and navies, which could, in turn, lead to a strategic misjudgment or even an accident.
And with the US resorting to repeated provocations against China in the South China Sea, the risks of it becoming a hotbed for China-US confrontation and even a regional flashpoint are certainly rising since the US operations increase the possibility of close encounters between the two countries' air forces and navies, which could, in turn, lead to a strategic misjudgment or even an accident.
He is the first foreign minister to visit since the new lineup of China's central government took office.
Xi's trip is the first state visit of a Chinese president to the Southeast Asian country since 2005.
Romana - a China expert due to his almost 40 years of living and working in China as a student and then a veteran journalist - has been a diplomat since 1971.
He lauded China's tremendous achievements since its reform and opening-up in 1978.
With regard to our relations with neighbors, we will follow the principles of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness.
The current momentum of de-escalation on the Korean Peninsula presents all parties with an opportunity to demonstrate greater sincerity for dialogue and negotiation and to facilitate constructive interactions.
It is our sincere hope that dialogue and cooperation will prevail in our world.
With regard to our relations with neighbors, we will follow the principles of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness.
The current momentum of de-escalation on the Korean Peninsula presents all parties with an opportunity to demonstrate greater sincerity for dialogue and negotiation and to facilitate constructive interactions.
It is our sincere hope that dialogue and cooperation will prevail in our world.
Finally, US-China relations were at a low point during the last years of the Barack Obama administration－worse than at any time since before former US president Richard Nixon engineered a rapprochement.
, which also colonized us for, since the beginning of the 21st century, and Japan also, because Japan is a neighboring country and we have good relations with Japan.
The first such exchange of visits since 2015 highlight the importance of China-Vietnam relations, which have seen steady growth despite the occasional hiccups.
"Today's consensus in agreeing to start the code of conduct negotiation means sincerity and willingness to start substantive negotiations on the code from the top levels of both China and ASEAN countries, and this will bring more effective control of the South China Sea disputes.
That Xi, as president of China, is paying state visits to Vietnam and Laos besides attending the APEC forum, and Premier Li Keqiang is paying a formal visit to the Philippines after attending the ASEAN summit, are unmistakable signs of the importance China places on good neighborly relations, and the commitment the country is making to its established principles of amity and sincerity in its relations with its neighbors.
It is also Xi's first trip overseas since the CPC's 19th National Congress.
The Communist Party of Vietnam has led the Vietnamese people to make remarkable progress and find an appropriate development strategy since the country started its reform and opening-up three decades ago, Xi said.
The two countries have since enjoyed frequent high-level exchanges and closer economic and trade ties.
