” The plan fits with China’s economic, security, military, and diplomatic strategy as well as long term strategic requirements Long Term Goals In the 21st Century China has emerged as the world’s top trading nation hence it needs to ensure that it has timely, efficient, and secure access to markets and resources, and therefore facilitation of trade and investment is one key focus.

threat to North Korea and therefore must be resolved through direct agreement between the two.
North Korea also recognized that it needed China's cooperation and should respect this friendly neighbor's opinion, and therefore could not easily say no to China's proposal for dialogue.
Candid, open conversations are therefore called for to increase strategic trust between the two countries.

The Xi-Trump meeting therefore is an apt opportunity for the military authorities on both sides to clear misunderstandings and maintain close interaction.

"It will, therefore, create a good environment for future negotiations over the South China Sea issue," he said.

Weighing the importance of long-term China-US relations, Washington therefore could and should make the right choice.
The subdued manner the anniversary was commemorated on Sunday, therefore, was more or less out of the norm.
China asserts this is a distinction without a difference, in that sovereignty is indeed the underlying issue and therefore the tribunal did not have jurisdiction, and China is not about to bargain away its sovereignty.
China asserts this is a distinction without a difference, in that sovereignty is indeed the underlying issue and therefore the court did not have jurisdiction, and China is not about to bargain away its sovereignty.
More importantly, it views the case as one of territorial sovereignty dispute in the South China Sea and therefore asserts the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea cannot be used to resolve it.
The global financial crisis came therefore as a huge shock to China, changing the underlying preconceptions of its global view.
She could therefore play an important role in shaping the relationships between China, the US and the ASEAN nations.
First, because the ruling concerns sovereignty issues, and issues of territorial sovereignty are beyond the scope of the UNCLOS (United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea), therefore the tribunal's ruling is beyond its jurisdiction.
"The arbitration…has caused damage to China Philippines relations, but the Philippines is one of China's closest neighbors, we therefore hope the new Philippines government will consider …the common interest of both countries, " he said.
The arbitral tribunal does not have the jurisdiction over the South China Sea dispute between Beijing and Manila and therefore its ruling is null and void.
Its ruling is therefore null and void and has no binding force," he added.
Second, the pivot strategy is based on the concept that East Asia is emerging as the economic center of the world and therefore should be the focal point of US foreign policy.
To avoid a conflict, therefore, the US and China should stop playing zero-sum games and instead work together for global welfare.
Instead, it acts like a purveyor of "a military presence strategy, and therefore is making an effort to maintain US hegemony in the region".
It is obvious the case concerns sovereignty and therefore is not subject to the convention.
Throughout history, rising powers have tended to benefit from limited prods and have therefore shown no willingness to reduce the momentum toward an ultimate conflict.
It is obvious the case concerns sovereignty and therefore is not subject to the convention.
They sail through the East China and South China Sea and according to the latest reports, they are in the Philippine Sea and therefore in the Western Pacific.
And therefore, an effort to maintain US hegemony in the region.
Oskar Krejčí: Apart from the geopolitical interests in the so-called rebalancing, therefore keeping China back by maintaining superiority, there are also the economic interests of all participating states.
PZ: Disputes in the South China Sea are therefore Sino -Vietnamese.
PZ: OK, and where, therefore, according to you, does the truth lie.
Instead, it acts as a purveyor of "a military presence strategy, and therefore is making an effort to maintain US hegemony in the region", Krejci said.
The real disputes in the South China Sea are therefore of and about territorial sovereignty and maritime delimitation.
"The DOC is still under implementation, therefore both the Philippines and China do not have the right to file an arbitration during this process," Cheng said, "From legal aspect, the PCA has no arbitration jurisdiction over the case as the Philippines did not take the right steps.
It comes that the Trump Administration is contradicting to itself and therefore even the traditional US allies have lost their patience.
And, therefore, no matter whether Secretary Mattis is, in fact, representing the US policies, the Chinese hosts should be well prepared for his China tour.
It's time therefore that the two sides abandoned antagonism, and communicated in the right spirit to pursue deeper cooperation for mutual benefit.
It is likely therefore that the US will realize that protectionism and confrontation cannot "make America great again" after swallowing the bitter fruit of the seed it has sowed, especially because China has made it clear it will not back off from a US-orchestrated trade war.
