A disruption in bus service in Gold Coast due to lack of communication between translink and event organizers.

Philippine Rodrigo Duterte called for a cabinet meeting after the Philippines won the arbitration case against China over the disputed South China Sea.

The South China Sea dispute is one of the most pressing security issues in East Asia, especially with tensions boiling after China's recent massive island reclamation following its unilateral territorial claim of 80 per cent of the whole sea under the nine-dash line.

Regional countries are anxious because they don't know for sure if it is another ploy by the Chinese

The tension in the South China Sea is because international law has not been fully respected.

The South China Sea dispute is an issue that directly affects four of the ASEAN countries, but indirectly affects the whole of ASEAN because it is a security issue in the middle of Southeast Asia.

The Hague award is legally binding yet whether it will be observed by relevant parties, particularly China due to a lack of an international enforcement mechanism.

Global security governance has suffered a setback due to major countries expanding their defense budgets and attaching increasing importance to traditional security.

Due to its strained ties with China as a result of their territorial dispute and its concerns about having lost status because of China's growing influence in the region, Japan has been ramping up its efforts to oppose China in regional and international issues.

Singapore holds special significance to Chinese diplomacy because it is the current official coordinator of China-ASEAN relations, and will assume the presidency of ASEAN next year.

The Donald Trump administration is continuing that practice, perhaps because it perceives the so-called freedom of navigation operations as a major US strategy to check China's influence in the region.

Individual persons in the Philippines laid indiscreet accusations towards China only because they attempted to stir up tension between China and the Philippines

Wars occur because of expansionist greed for capital and resources.

Trump discard the strategy of stirring up confrontation in the South China Sea is both dangerous and counterproductive because it could easily throw China-US relations off balance and squander the fruitful results achieved so far in advancing bilateral cooperation.

Many nations are hesitant to participate in the ISDS framework because a third-party’s ability to order the state itself to pay large sums of money, which is understandably disconcerting for less familiar and stable nations.

Using "freedom of navigation operation" as an excuse appears particularly ridiculous because countries in the region have agreed to resolve their maritime disputes with China through dialogue.

Many Chinese still cannot understand why the "China threat" theory has been hyped from time to time in Australia, because being thousands of miles away from Australia, China cannot possibly pose any direct threat to the country.

But compared with the high standards of some other countries' navies, China's general naval strength is not that satisfactory, because its aircraft, submarine and other vessels are not yet a cohesive force.

We should realize that China still faces maritime threats such as contradictions, frictions, even the threat of war because of the disputes over sovereignty and jurisdiction of islands and reefs, marine resources and strategic sea lanes.

A country poses a threat to other countries because of its national defense policy and strategy, not its military power.

In the past, military exchanges were the vulnerable aspect of China-US relations, because they were often the first to be cut off when bilateral relations soured.

It will definitely worsen relations between Beijing and Tokyo, which are already tense because of the Shinzo Abe administration's refusal to face up squarely to history and its previous provocative actions.

Protests were organized after Lotte Group, a business conglomerate headquartered in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju where the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes because it will destabilize the strategic balance in East Asia in favor of the United States.

There is no need for other countries to take caution against China's defense measures because the nation has never caused any harm to others.

It remained to be seen whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet

The Singaporean vehicles were impounded by customs on Nov 23 because there was a suspected breach of Hong Kong law

The reason that Duterte distanced his country from the US alliance is because he is fully aware of the negative impact the US' strategic pivot to Asia has had on regional peace and stability.

Many Filipinos still suffer in poverty because of the lack of resources and opportunities in our country.

Japan-ROK ties have indeed been improving not because of deepening mutual trust but because of the Obama administration's "rebalancing" to the Asia-Pacific strategy and the deployment of THAAD, which makes them feel more secure

But Obama has been beating around the concept, possibly because he doesn't want Washington's allies in Asia to believe the US has accepted China as an equal.

A strong navy and a strong air force are crucial to safeguarding China's sovereignty in the South China Sea because a mighty military is a deterrence

The Trump administration may put it back on the policy agenda after revising the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, because the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement is aimed at furthering American interests.

It only lays bare the hypocrisy of the US and its allies because they have either helped create or provoked the maritime disputes in the waters themselves.

They hope that an anti-China alliance could be forged between the world's second most populous nation and third-largest economy, because of China's longstanding territorial dispute with India and its spat with Japan over the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.

The last few months of the Obama administration should not be marked by heightened tensions between Beijing and Washington in the South China Sea, because that can harm bilateral ties.

Beijing has warned the US that it will take "every necessary measure" to protect its interests after a top White House advisor warned that Washington might revoke Hong Kong's special trading privileges if China enacts a tough new security law.

China angered Vietnam after announcing at the weekend that the Paracel and Spratly islands, the Macclesfield Bank and their surrounding waters would be administered under two new districts of Sansha city, which China created on nearby Woody Island in 2012.

Beijing was trying to seize Philippine seas because it wanted the fish and sea turtles

The Philippine leader is willing to ‘ignore’ a decision on sovereignty claims by an international tribunal at The Hague so he can strike a deal with China to jointly extract resources

US-Australia relations becoming worse in February after US President Donald Trump criticized Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the phone over a refugee resettlement agreement former US president Barack Obama had made between the two countries.

They expressed deep concern after then Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott ignored a US warning in March 2015 and joined the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.

Qatar pulled its ambassador last year after Saudi Arabia's execution of a prominent Shiite cleric sparked attacks on two Saudi diplomatic posts in Iran, a move to show solidarity with the kingdom.

China has proposed a three-step vision to step up consultations on the Code of Conduct (COC) in the South China Sea after ASEAN nations approved the framework of the COC.

After meeting with Wang that to develop bilateral ties, Beijing and Manila have to seek joint exploration of natural resources to benefit the people of both nations.

The ship was later released after the Yemeni government guaranteed that the missiles would only be used in Yemen and that it would not buy them again.

China was forced to cede Taiwan to Japan under the humiliating Treaty of Shimonoseki after losing the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895.

Philippines' unilateral arbitration case against China, was peacefully resolved after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's visit to China.

the real multilateral success will come after creation of the Gulf-Pearl Chain

Trump administration may put Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement back on the policy agenda, because it is aimed at furthering American interests

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Ramos defined the trip as "ice-breaking", after bilateral ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case

Beijing and Manila agree to manage maritime issue through consultation Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is expected to visit China again and attend an international summit, after his state visit in October significantly improved China-Philippine ties.

Beijing has urged Manila to "walk out of its wrong path" after the top Philippine diplomat refused China’s proposal to put aside the recent ruling in an arbitration case concerning the South China Sea

Beijing issued two statements immediately after the arbitration ruling was announced.

Beijing says it will protect its territory after the Trump administration's threats over maritime disputes China

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's summit with President Xi in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province signaled the warming up of Sino-Indian relations after the border standoff at Donglang Doklam last year.

he provocative actions US warships have repeatedly taken in the South China Sea due to Washington's miscalculations of what China has done in its attempt to defend its own territorial waters

Backbone of regional economic integration While Europe is faced with difficulties in economic integration due to Brexit

global security governance has suffered a setback due to major countries expanding their defense budgets and attaching increasing importance to traditional security.

Bilateral relations suffered a setback in 2016 due to the flaring of regional tensions over the South China Sea disputes

the devastating effects of Typhoon Yolanda due to the lack of access to reliable information from government officials as ineffective early warnings systems were compounded by a lack of preparedness.

the situation in the South China Sea has been stabilized and cooled down due to the joint efforts of China and regional countries.

The military and defence relations between China and Iran dates to 1980’s but co-operation saw downfall due to nuclear sanctions.

Possible showdown between the top two economies due to the US complaints about its trade deficits with China.

His willingness to "reset" US relations with Russia has resulted in relations between Washington and Moscow have worsened due to Crimea crisis.

East Asia integration is weakening due to friction among nations in the region.

China-Singapore relations are resilient due to the majority of Singaporeans being of Chinese origin.

France and the Philippines are losing their attraction due to terror attacks and the South China Sea disputes.


