Both sides agreed that the "successful visit" of President Xi to Brunei was of "strategic importance" to the deepening of bilateral relations, said the statement issued after talks between the two leaders.

On a nation-to-nation level, Trump's upcoming visit to China, which will make him the first foreign head of state to visit the country after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, offers the opportunity for China and the US to iron out their differences and inject fresh vigor into their bilateral cooperation, the momentum of which should not be stalled due to their frictions over trade and other issues.

On a nation-to-nation level, Trump's upcoming visit to China, which will make him the first foreign head of state to visit the country after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, offers the opportunity for China and the US to iron out their differences and inject fresh vigor into their bilateral cooperation, the momentum of which should not be stalled due to their frictions over trade and other issues.

YIN BOGU / XINHUA US President Donald Trump's first state visit to China, coming at a "historic moment" after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, is expected to be a successful trip with significant results in trade, the Korean Peninsula and other issues, China's top envoy in Washington said on Monday.

US President Donald Trump's first state visit to China, coming at a "historic moment" after a key Party congress in Beijing, will be a successful trip with significant outcomes on trade, the Korean Peninsula and other issues, China's top envoy in Washington said on Monday.
Breakout forums In addition to the main panels, there will be three thematic breakout forums in the afternoon.

US-Australia relations took a hit in February after US President Donald Trump criticized Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the phone over a refugee resettlement agreement former US president Barack Obama had made between the two countries.

US-Australia relations took a hit in February after President Donald Trump blasted Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the phone over a refugee resettlement agreement former president Barack Obama had made between the two countries.

They expressed deep concern after then Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott ignored a US warning in March 2015 and joined the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.

US-Australia relations took a hit in February after President Donald Trump blasted Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the phone over a refugee resettlement agreement former president Barak Obama had made between the two countries.

They expressed deep concern after then Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott ignored a US warning in March 2015 and joined the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.

Media reports said the 10 missing sailors were confirmed dead after their bodies were found on Monday.
However, the move came just days after Saudi Arabia began promoting a Qatari royal family member whose branch of the family was ousted in a palace coup in 1972.

Qatar pulled its ambassador last year after Saudi Arabia's execution of a prominent Shiite cleric sparked attacks on two Saudi diplomatic posts in Iran, a move to show solidarity with the kingdom.

Being forced to hear the line "you're fired" and leave his last stronghold in Washington after his removal from the National Security Council in April, this advisor to the US president has been banished from the inner circle by the trend of history.

Spokeswoman Hua Chunying commented after the US and Japan issued a joint statement expressing "serious concerns" on the issue.

The two countries released the statement after Japan's foreign and defense ministers met in Washington on Thursday with the US secretaries of state and defense.

Cayetano made the comment when asked about China's ties with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) at a press conference Tuesday afternoon in Manila.

The situation in the South China Sea has been largely stabilized after a year of joint efforts, with China and the ASEAN continue to enjoy a good relationship.
The agreement was announced by Foreign Minister Wang Yi after his meeting with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in the Philippine capital.
Wang announced in a press briefing after the meeting that China had proposed three steps for discussing the COC.
MANILA -- China has proposed a three-step vision to step up consultations on the Code of Conduct (COC) in the South China Sea, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said here Sunday after he and his counterparts from ASEAN nations approved the framework of the COC.
All sides fully acknowledged the positive momentum that the improving situation in the South China Sea is demonstrating and expressed their approval of the framework of the COC which they believe laid a sound foundation for the substantive consultations, Wang told reporters after the China-ASEAN Foreign Ministers' Meeting.
Lu spoke after British officials said the United Kingdom will dispatch military vessels to the region.
The comments came after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said this week that Manila and Beijing are working on a joint oil exploration deal which involves gas and oil.
Cayetano said at a joint news conference after meeting with Wang that to develop bilateral ties, Beijing and Manila have to seek joint exploration of natural resources to benefit the people of both nations.
He noted that leaders from the two countries decided on the joint exploration in the South China Sea in 1986, but breakthroughs have yet to be achieved after discussions lasting 31 years.
” The State Council submitted a proposal after summing up the experience in the experiments, and the NPC Standing Committee made an overall revision in September, 2016, of the Law on Foreign Capital Enterprises, the Law on Chinese-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Law on Chinese-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures and the Law on the Protection of Investments of Taiwan Compatriots, and upgraded the reform measures taken for the experiments in the pilot free trade zones into laws, and at the same time terminated the legal validity of the two authorization decisions.
(3) Make the Interpretation on Article 104 of the Hong Kong Basic Law In the light of the advocacy of “Hong Kong independence” by individual members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region when taking oaths and their words and acts insulting the country and nation and the disputes arising from them inside the Legislative Council and the society of Hong Kong as a whole, the NPC Standing Committee exercised the power conferred on it by the Constitution and the Basic Law of Hong Kong, adopted an interpretation of Article 104 of the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, making it clear that the provision in the article “swear to uphold the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and swear allegiance to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China” is both the statutory content that must be included in the oath prescribed in the article and the statutory requirement and qualification for entering in the contest for or taking an official post listed in the article; it makes clear the statutory procedure and content that must be abided by in taking the oath for an official post; and it makes clear the legal consequence of losing the qualification for taking the official post after violating the provision on oath taking and the legal responsibility for taking a false oath or contravening the oath.
Moreover, in order to strengthen follow-up oversight over the work of the Government and the Supreme Court and Supreme Procuratorate in handling the inspection reports and the opinions and suggestions from NPC Standing Committee members on the reports and the improvements made by the government, court and procuratorate thereafter, and to urge them to solve the outstanding contradictions and problems, the NPC Standing Committee asked them to submit written or oral reports on their follow-up work.
It notified the suggestion makers with conclusions after the NPC Standing Committee finished the examination of the statutes and judicial interpretations within its competency, but transferred the suggestions to other normative documents not within its competency to the relative state organs for handling them.
The drafters of the report conclude "China's leaders remain focused on developing the capabilities to deter or defeat adversary power projection and counter third-party intervention — including by the United States — during a crisis or conflict".
In addition, after three decades of breakneck economic development, Chinese companies are now more capable of competing for businesses with its overseas competitors, given the rise in technological sophistication and maturity.
Although the economic scales of these countries are relatively small, as are their populations once the co-operation is successful, it can not only play a demonstration role for the entire Middle East, but also can also prove as a pioneering example for the OBOR initiative, as according to me though China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is considered as flagship of OBOR but we look at it carefullyit’s only a bilateral agreement between two all-weather friends hence the real multilateral success will come after creation of the Gulf-Pearl Chain which will connect this countries by a network of roads and railways as well as oil pipe line to the western part of China through CPEC.
King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia gave his first official visit to China after assuming the throne in 2006.
Cooperation under the framework of the initiative has already borne fruits, such as the Chongqing Demonstration Initiative on Strategic Connectivity - the third of their government-to-government projects after Suzhou Industrial Park and Tianjin Eco-City - which is helping drive the growth of China's less-developed western region through better transport, financing and data connectivity.
And lingering issues heat up from time to time, while non-traditional security challenges appear one after another.
Her remarks were in response to a question on how China views the comments about China from US Defense Secretary James Mattis and Tomomi Inada, Japan's defense minister, at the Shangri-La Dialogue that concluded on Sunday afternoon.
BEIJING -- China strongly denounced the communique released after a G7 summit, saying it interfered in the East China Sea and South China Sea issues in the guise of international law, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said early Sunday.
A joint news release issued after the meeting said the mechanism should be "a platform for confidence-building measures and for promoting maritime cooperation and maritime security".
The meeting was four days after President Xi Jinping and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte reaffirmed they would solve the South China Sea issue through dialogue and negotiations on Monday when Duterte attended the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in Beijing.
Beijing's relations with Manila made a U-turn after Duterte assumed office in June 2016.
Liu said on Thursday that Beijing speaks highly of Duterte's friendly stance, calling it "a beautiful turnaround" after five years of difficult relations.
He made the remarks at a news conference after a meeting of senior officials from China and ASEAN member countries.
Cooperation under the framework of the initiative has already borne fruits, such as the Chongqing Demonstration Initiative on Strategic Connectivity — the third of their government-to-government projects after Suzhou Industrial Park and Tianjin Eco-City - which is helping drive the growth of China's less-developed western region through better transport, financing and data connectivity.
It is heartening to see the South China Sea issue has been brought back onto the right track of dialogue and consultation after last year's turbulence.
These interactions and exchanges between China and members of the regional bloc, conducted just a few days after Beijing hosted the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, prove that ASEAN is a top priority in China's good-neighborly diplomacy.
and the DPRK through bilateral negotiations resulting in the Agreed Framework Between the United States of America and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (hereafter, the U.
However, generally speaking, the military presence on the Peninsula after the war was stronger in the South, as the U.
In 1965, North Korea had its first 2-megawatt small light water reactor, after which the Soviet experts returned home.
From the beginning of the 1980s, North Korea started to construct a 5-megawatt natural uranium graphite gas-cooled reactor, which would be able to produce 6 kilograms (13 pounds) of weapons-grade plutonium each year after its completion.
Soon after, North Korean President Kim Il-sung visited China and discussed with Chinese leaders the disintegration of the USSR and its consequences.
However, after evaluation, the U.
It is worth mentioning that after the 9/11attacks, the spokes- person of the DPRK Ministry of Foreign Affairs made a statement that the 9/11 attacks were a "very regretful and tragic incident," stressing that "as a UN member state, North Korea is opposed to all forms of terrorism…And this stance will remain unchanged.
The ship was later released after the Yemeni government guaranteed that the missiles would only be used in Yemen and that it would not buy them again.
sent Secretary Powell to China for help—and that a denuclearized Korea was also in the interest of China—the Chinese government, after careful consideration, decided to accept the U.
In July 2003, Dai Bingguo, who was then the vice foreign minister of China and who had a long association with the North Koreans, visited North Korea after visiting Washington, where he had already received a U.
Many have ascribed Australia's strategic distrust of China to the country's alliance with the US, which was forged after World War II.
Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning returns to Qingdao, China after Pacific drill, January 13th, 2017.
Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning returns to Qingdao, China after Pacific drill, January 13th, 2017.
Some of China-US dialogues expected to continue So far Trump has not taken aggressive actions toward China despite his tough talk during and after the campaign.
Need for long-term perspectives on Korean peninsula Asked to comment on the possible China-US cooperation on containing the rising tensions on the Korean peninsula after the recent nuclear test and test launching of missiles by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Paal said efforts should be first made to restart talks.
Some of China-US dialogues expected to continue So far Trump has not taken aggressive actions toward China despite his tough talk during and after the campaign.
Need for long-term perspectives on Korean peninsula Asked to comment on the possible China-US cooperation on containing the rising tensions on the Korean peninsula after the recent nuclear test and test launching of missiles by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Paal said efforts should be first made to restart talks.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and Australian counterpart, Malcolm Turnbull, speak at joint press conference after their annual talks in Canberra  in Australia on March 24, 2017.
Li, who is on an official visit to Australia from Wednesday to Sunday, made the comment at a joint press conference with his Australian counterpart, Malcolm Turnbull, after their annual talks in Canberra.
Protests were organized after Lotte Group, a business conglomerate headquartered in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju where the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes because it will destabilize the strategic balance in East Asia in favor of the United States.
In July, after an arbitration tribunal passed a biased verdict in support of the Philippines and against China in a dispute involving the South China Sea, groups of angry people in Hebei province blocked the doors to some KFC outlets and shouted slogans such as "Foreign brand out of China.
The previous US administration under Barack Obama embarked on the "rebalancing to Asia" strategy not long after China became the world's second-largest economy seven years ago.
For example, on Monday, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea test-fired four ballistic missiles, after testing a new type of Pukguksong-2 ballistic missile on Feb 12.
In his first address to Congress after taking office, Trump proposed a huge 54-billion-U.
At a news conference after the ASEAN foreign ministers' meeting on Tuesday, Philippine Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay said the South China Sea issue is not the "sum-total" of relations between the Philippines and China, and the Philippines has decided to focus on the bigger picture of its relations with China.
Carl Vinson's navigation in South China Sea for the first time after US President Donald Trump was sworn in, sent a message that Trump may inherit former president Barack Obama's Asia-pivot strategy.
Tensions intensified in South China Sea along with the so-called arbitration case over the sea dispute between China and the Philippines in July last year, but eased gradually after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte took a different approach from his predecessor Benigno Aquino III.
US President Donald Trump (R) and visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe walk to board Marine One departing for Andrews Air Force Base en route to West Palm Beach, Florida, after their joint press conference at the White House in Washington D.
Trump made the remarks at a press conference after talks with visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House.
Similarly, relations between world powers are not decided by a small handful of people, but should be managed after taking into account of national interests and the overall balance of power.
A: He has proposed the idea of a "Security Diamond" against China in an article after he took office.
The experts agreed that Trump's affirmation of the one-China policy, the bedrock of the China-US ties, paved the way for the phone call, which probably came after Trump and advisers concluded that the costs of not doing so could bring greater costs than benefits.
Trump had previously aggravated China by taking a call from Taiwan leader Tsai Ing-wen after winning the US presidency last November and telling the US media in December that the one-China policy was open for negotiation.
Media reports revealed that US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said in written answers to questions after his Senate nomination hearing that the US should adhere to the one-China policy.
Against this backdrop, the letter, though terse and issued nearly three weeks after Trump's inauguration, is still a positive signal, as it suggests that reason still prevails in the White House.
He made the remarks at a news conference after meeting with his Australian counterpart Julie Bishop on Tuesday in Canberra, the Australian capital.
Wang said that after World War II, with the assistance from the US government, China restored its sovereignty over the Nansha Islands which used to be occupied by Japan.
Some of China's neighbors illegally occupied some of the islands and reefs of the Nansha Islands afterward, which led to the so-called South China Sea disputes, he added.
It is "worthy of recognition" that the US defense secretary stressed a diplomatic push in the South China Sea disputes, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said Monday after the Pentagon chief played down any need for major US military moves in the South China Sea.
Beijing says it will protect its territory after the Trump administration's threats over maritime disputes China called on the United States on Jan 24 to respect facts and "speak and behave with caution" after the new US administration of President Donald Trump hinted it would take a tougher stance on the South China Sea.
"The Trump administration might make an adjustment, adopt a more practical China policy after six months, when it sees it has failed to force China to concede to its aggressive manner regarding issues Washington believes are critical," he added.
Foreign Ministry says determination to protect territory will be 'unchanged' China called on the United States on Tuesday to respect facts and "speak and behave with caution" after the new US administration of President Donald Trump hinted it would take a tougher stance on the South China Sea.
"The Trump administration might make an adjustment, adopt a more practical China policy after six months, when it sees it has failed to force China to concede to its aggressive manner regarding issues Washington believes are critical," he added.
Hong Kong customs officials announced on Tuesday that nine Singaporean armed vehicles seized two months ago will be returned after the completion of an investigation.
Beijing says it will protect its territory after the Trump administration's threats over maritime disputes China called on the United States on Tuesday to respect facts and "speak and behave with caution" after the new US administration of President Donald Trump hinted it would take a tougher stance on the South China Sea.
"The Trump administration might make an adjustment, adopt a more practical China policy after six months, when it sees it has failed to force China to concede to its aggressive manner regarding issues Washington believes are critical," he added.
On one hand, Japan's economy has encountered many difficulties after 20 years of sluggish economic growth due to various factors including its slow decision-making process and limited domestic market.
[Photo provide to China Daily] Hong Kong customs officials announced on Tuesday that nine Singaporean armed vehicles seized two months ago will be returned after the completion of an investigation.
4 billion Chinese, who still bitterly remember how China was forced to cede Taiwan to Japan under the humiliating Treaty of Shimonoseki after losing the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895.
Taiwan was returned to China in 1945 after the Second World War.
He also said after a North Korea nuclear test in January 2016 that China has "total control" over North Korea and that if China doesn't "solve the problem, we should make trade very difficult with China.
Last week's hearings for Tillerson and Mattis came a few days after North Korea announced that it will launch an inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) "anytime and anywhere" determined by its supreme headquarters.
Sovereignty and territorial integrity, especially regarding Taiwan, touches the sensitive nerve of Chinese who still bitterly remember how China was forced to cede Taiwan to Japan under the humiliating Treaty of Shimonoseki after losing the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895.
Taiwan was returned to China in 1945 after the Second World War.
He also said after a North Korea nuclear test in January 2016 that China has "total control" over North Korea and that if China doesn't "solve the problem, we should make trade very difficult with China".
Last week's hearings for Tillerson and Mattis came a few days after North Korea announced that it will launch an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) "anytime and anywhere" determined by its supreme headquarters.
Beijing and Manila agree to manage maritime issue through consultation Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is expected to visit China again and attend an international summit, after his state visit in October significantly improved China-Philippine ties.
The economic foundation for bilateral ties is likely to be strengthened after Duterte attends the forum, Zhou predicted.
Yet, Abe's calculation is doomed to fail as both the trend of the times and the political uncertainty in the US after Donald Trump's election as the new US president show the US-led alliance network will continue to decline instead of strengthen.
In Lei's opinion, Trump is likely to promote trade protectionism after he takes office in January, in line with his statements during the election campaign.
At a confirmation hearing at the US Congress on Wednesday, Tillerson, the former Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO, said China's access to the islands is "not going to be allowed", after he was asked if he supported a more aggressive posture toward China.
He also said this is progress in just one phase of negotiation on the Code of Conduct for the South China Sea, adding that the heavier work will come after the draft is completed.
Despite explanations by the President-elect himself and the White House's spokesperson afterwards, the call cast a shadow over bilateral ties, as such a thing hadn't happened in the 37 years since the two countries established diplomatic ties.
What will happen to the United States after its businessman-cum-president assumes office with his team of billionaires.
Philippines' U-turn towards China after the South China Sea arbitration case.
Second, China should cement the diplomatic achievements made after the South China Sea arbitration in 2016 and strive for the long-time stability of its southern waters.
Things started getting more complicated after Seoul allowed Washington to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system on the ROK soil, which Beijing is vehemently opposed to.
Instead, they have become more strained after Tokyo sought to meddle in and play up the South China Sea disputes between China and some ASEAN member states.
And by scrambling its fighter jets after Chinese air force planes had passed through Miyako Strait recently, Japan has added a grave twist to the already strained bilateral ties.
Since taking office in 2012, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been relentlessly building up Japan's armed forces after reclaiming the right to collective defense by muscling through constitutional revisions in parliament.
According to the statement issued after the meeting, the dialogue was "fruitful and productive" as the two parties exchanged views on current and other issues of concern, and considered approaches to address such issues in a "mutually beneficial way".
Vietnam is dredging a new channel on a Chinese reef in the South China Sea, putting at risk the recent relaxation of regional tension after the Philippines agreed with China to solve maritime issues peacefully.
A major row this year, caused by Philippines' unilateral arbitration case against China, was peacefully resolved after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's visit to China.
"Now it is just continuing that work by making use of the relaxation of tension in the region, now that the Philippines has agreed to solve disputes with China through direct talks and the United States' policy after Donald Trump takes office is still unclear," he said.
The Philippine Congress confirmed Jose Santiago "Chito" Santa Romana as ambassador to China on Wednesday, after President Rodrigo Duterte put forward his nomination in September.
The incoming ambassador also said his priority after taking office, probably in January, is to implement agreements the two countries signed during Duterte's visit in October.
On the other hand, repeating such sentiments after his election to the office of president may imply actual policy plans, which his administration intends to adopt.
And although the US Congress is not likely to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, the Trump administration may put it back on the policy agenda after revising it, because it is aimed at furthering American interests.
How will Donald Trump's presidency-after he assumes office on Jan 20, 2017-affect China-US relations.
This question is uppermost on many people's minds a day after Republican Trump defeated former secretary of state Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election.
Of far more importance will be Trump's words and deeds after he enters the White House.
China-US relations are becoming more complicated but more stable, and may undergo transition after Trump unveils his political agenda, presumably three months after he assumes office in January.
Although the possibility of a military conflict between China and the United States is slim, whether the China-US relationship will focus on strategic competition with only minimal essential cooperation, like the one between Washington and Moscow after the Ukraine crisis, has become a theoretical but serious question.
China confirmed on Monday that Philippine fishermen are allowed access to Huangyan Island as "an appropriate arrangement" based on Beijing's friendship with Manila, after the Philippines said its people have been able to fish there in recent days.
She said the arrangement regarding the island was made after Duterte expressed concern over access and Beijing considered the affection between the two countries.
During a four-day trip to China in October, Duterte resumed Manila's relationship with Beijing after his predecessor, Benigno Aquino III, worsened bilateral ties by being confrontational toward China.
A meeting between US and Philippine military officials, originally scheduled for Oct 24, has been postponed to Nov 24 after the US presidential election to decide the fate of the decades-old joint exercises.
His acerbic remarks on the Manila-Washington alliance apart, Duterte made genuine efforts during his visit to China to put Beijing-Manila ties back on track after his predecessor Benigno Aquino III soured the relationship between China and the Philippines by blatantly siding with the United States to initiate arbitral proceedings against Beijing over their maritime dispute in the South China Sea.
Interactions between Chinese and Philippine leaderships, for starters, are likely to resume after Duterte's visit to China, when he and his host President Xi Jinping witnessed the signing of many a cooperation deal.
This was evident when Duterte clarified what he was really saying was a separation of foreign policy after coming back to Manila from his Beijing trip.
Hence, a change of position was just a matter of time, and that time has ripened after Duterte took office.
Forged after the World War II and prevailing through the Cold War era, the US global military alliances bear such features as inequality and exclusiveness, and are now outdated.
Duterte's efforts to engage China, months after a tribunal in the Hague ruled that Beijing did not have historic rights to the South China Sea in a case brought by the previous administration in Manila, marks a reversal in foreign policy since the 71-year-old former mayor took office on June 30.
A few hours after Duterte's speech, his top economic policymakers released a statement saying that, while Asian economic integration was "long overdue", that did not mean the Philippines was turning its back on the West.
But in a poll after the Sept 26 first debate conducted by Weibo, China's Twitter-like microblogging website, the tables had turned: 48 percent of the 5,685 respondents thought that Clinton won the debate while 29 percent said Trump won the debate, according to a research report by David Dollar and Wang Wei of Brookings.
Duterte, who took office in July, has been faced with repairing chilly ties with Beijing after the Cabinet of former president Aquino Benigno III unilaterally filed a case to an international tribunal on the South China Sea.
Zhao Jianhua, Chinese ambassador to the Philippines, told Philippines media on Friday that it is hoped that after Duterte's visit, investment from China would rise significantly in areas such as infrastructure, railways, highways, seaports and airports.
He was responding to the question about a warming relationship between China and the Philippines after the new president Rodrigo Duterte took office three months ago.
Based on experience gained in the implementation of the first and second national human rights action plans, the Chinese government has formulated the National Human Rights Action Plan of China (2016-2020) (hereinafter referred to as the Action Plan) in accordance with the constitutional principle that the state respects and protects human rights and the spirit of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other related international human rights conventions, and in combination with the implementation of the Outline of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People's Republic of China.
In recent years, Sino-Japanese relations have suffered one setback after another because of certain factors.
China and Japan set a good example of mutual help in the aftermath of the devastating Wenchuan earthquake in China in 2008 and the catastrophic earthquake in northeast Japan and the ensuing tsunami in 2011.
In a talk on Monday afternoon, Steinberg described the consensus as not only benefiting the people of China and the US, but the rest of the region, including US allies.
Spokesman Lu Kang's comments came after Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada said Thursday in Washington that she strongly supports US freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea and vowed to increase engagement in the waters.
Foreign Ministry responds to Pence speech, stresses non-interference The Chinese Foreign Ministry said on Friday that it was “ridiculous” for Washington to characterize its regular exchanges with China as interference after US Vice-President Mike Pence had accused Beijing of meddling in American politics.
At Princeton, he worked on a dissertation examining nuclear strategy and found that while people like Chinese leader Mao Zedong talked big and bombastic and threatening, they became more moderate after they developed the bomb.
Maritime studies The Princeton PhD graduate got his job at the US Naval War College shortly after the EP-3 incident on April 1, 2001, in which a US spy plane collided in mid-air with a Chinese fighter jet off Hainan Island, resulting in the death of a Chinese pilot.
Though the school wanted him to work on the Middle East and Russia after the Sept 11 attack, Goldstein found his way back to China studies after a while.
At Princeton, he worked on a dissertation examining nuclear strategy and found that while people like Chinese leader Mao Zedong talked big and bombastic and threatening, they became more moderate after they developed the bomb.
Maritime studies The Princeton PhD graduate got his job at the US Naval War College shortly after the EP-3 incident on April 1, 2001, in which a US spy plane collided in mid-air with a Chinese fighter jet off Hainan Island, resulting in the death of a Chinese pilot.
Though the school wanted him to work on the Middle East and Russia after the Sept 11 attack, Goldstein found his way back to China studies after a while.
Phuc is leading an unprecedentedly large delegation of 132 members to Beijing during a six-day trip, his first to China as Prime Minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.
The agreements were signed after the 19th ASEAN-China Leaders' Meeting in Vientiane, capital of Laos.
He arrived in Beijing on Sept 12 after attending the opening ceremony of the 13th China-ASEAN Expo on Sunday in Nanning, capital of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.
Phuc also headed for Hong Kong on Sept 14 after meeting five members of China's top leadership.
His six-day China visit is his first since becoming prime minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.
Phuc is leading an unprecedentedly large delegation of 132 members to Beijing during a six-day trip, his first to China as prime minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.
The agreements were signed after the 19th ASEAN-China Leaders' Meeting in Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
Phuc arrived in Beijing on Monday after attending the opening ceremony of the 13th China-ASEAN Expo on Sunday in Nanning, capital of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.
Phuc will head for Hong Kong on Wednesday after meeting with five members of China's top leadership, Liu said.
Phuc is leading an unprecedentedly large delegation of 132 members to Beijing during a six-day trip, his first to China as prime minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.
The agreements were signed after the 19th ASEAN-China Leaders' Meeting in Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
Phuc arrived in Beijing on Monday after attending the opening ceremony of the 13th China-ASEAN Expo on Sunday in Nanning, capital of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.
Phuc will head for Hong Kong on Wednesday after meeting with five members of China's top leadership, Liu said.
Soon after an arbitral tribunal in The Hague handed down its ruling in favor of the Philippines in the South China Sea arbitration case on July 12, Australia joined a chorus led by the United States to press China to accept the ruling, giving a deaf year to China's stance that the arbitral tribunal had no jurisdiction over the case.
The diplomat made the remarks after the two-and-a-half-hour East Asia Summit, which was held in Vientiane.
The diplomat made the remarks after the two-and-a-half-hour East Asia Summit, which was held in Vientiane.
Russia supports China's stance on the South China Sea issue and opposes any third-party interference, Putin told a news conference after the G20 summit in China.
Tension flared up last month after more than a dozen Chinese coastguard and other government ships sailed near a group of East China Sea islets controlled by Tokyo but claimed also by Beijing, making a meeting between the two top leaders on the sidelines of the G20 summit uncertain.
However, after what the country remembers as the 100 years of humiliation in the aftermath of the Opium Wars there is no alarming sign of a revengeful political narrative targeting the West or Japan.
Emerging economies, and China in particular, have been active parties in the institutional effort to respond to the world financial chaos spread from the US and Europe after 2008.
Tension rose early this month after the reported deployment of rocket launchers by Vietnam on several of the Nansha Islands.
But soon afterwards, it will hold a high-level event with the ASEAN, to take place in Vientiane, capital of Laos.
According to OECD, for the 2016-20 period, ASEAN's average growth rate is projected to be the third in Asia, after only India and China (with India as the leader).
This was after a 41.
Asean, China can leverage ties to improve global positionBut soon afterwards, it will hold a high-level event with the ASEAN, to take place in Vientiane, capital of Laos.
According to OECD, for the 2016-20 period, ASEAN's average growth rate is projected to be the third in Asia, after only India and China (with India as the leader).
This was after a 41.
China said on Thursday it expects talks to be held between Beijing and Manila "at an early date", after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday that talks on the South China Sea dispute are likely within a year.
Ties between Beijing and Manila suffered after the Philippines, under its former leadership, initiated an arbitration against China.
China said on Thursday it expects talks to be held between Beijing and Manila "at an early date", after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday he expects talks with China on their South China Sea dispute within a year.
Foreign ministers of the three countries will meet in Tokyo on Wednesday morning under the regular trilateral mechanism which was resumed in March last year after a three-year hiatus.
The final date of the eighth trilateral foreign ministers' meeting, the second gathering since the talks resumed in March 2015 after a three-year hiatus, was not released until Monday afternoon.
The tortuous process of nailing down a trilateral foreign ministers' meeting nine years after the first of its kind was held in 2007 implies that differences on regional issues have been haunting relations among China, Japan and South Korea.
The final date of the eighth trilateral foreign ministers' meeting, the second gathering since the talks resumed in March 2015 after a three-year hiatus, was not released until Monday afternoon.
The tortuous process of nailing down a trilateral foreign ministers' meeting nine years after the first of its kind was held in 2007 implies that differences on regional issues have been haunting relations among China, Japan and South Korea.
Former Philippine president Ramos' recent visit to Hong Kong to meet with "Chinese friends", including senior diplomat Fu Ying, is a good start to ease the tensions after an arbitral tribunal ruled in favor of Manila in a South China Sea dispute with Beijing last month.
Yukio Hatoyama, for example, resigned as Japan's prime minister in June 2010 after less than one year in power.
China and the Philippines have agreed to restart the joint commission on commerce and trade to increase trade between the two countries, after their ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case over the South China Sea dispute.
Shen's comments came after Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng met Ramon M Lopez, the Filipino secretary of the Department of Trade and Industry, in Vientiane, the capital of Laos, earlier this month.
"We held the conference more frequently than in previous years," Liu told reporters after the meeting.
Shortly after the international tribunal made its ruling on the case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines on its territorial dispute with China in the South China Sea, Japan's Foreign Ministry declared that the award was "final" and should be binding, in total disregard of China's previously stated stance that the ruling is null and void and it would neither accept nor participate in the process.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe even attempted to include the South China Sea as a topic for discussion at the 11th Asia-Europe Meeting in mid-July, but failed after meeting resistance from many participating countries.
  Kim Bok-Dong, who was forced to serve as a sex slave for Japanese troops during World War II, speaks to the media after a bell-ringing event in Seoul on Monday.
South Korea expressed deep regret on Monday after dozens of Japanese lawmakers visited a shrine for war dead.
[Photo/Agencies]Former Philippine president Fidel Ramos said on Friday that he and his Chinese "old friends" looked forward to starting formal discussions, after bilateral ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case over the South China Sea dispute.
Ramos met in Hong Kong with Fu Ying, foreign affairs chief of China's top legislature, and Wu Shicun, president of China's National Institute of South China Seas Studies, a think tank, according to a statement released after the talks.
This is clearly evidenced by their timing, as the accusations come after Japan has already done its utmost to stir up trouble between China and some of its neighbors in the South China Sea.
Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida gestures during a press conference at the International Media Center in Hiroshima, Japan on April 11, 2016 after Foreign Ministers meeting of G7 countries visit the Peace Memorial Museum.
Former Philippine president's HK visit marks effort to mend damaged relations Former Philippine President Fidel Ramos gestures as he speaks to journalists during a trip to Hong Kong, China after the Hague court's ruling over the maritime dispute in South China Sea, August 9, 2016.
As a special envoy of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Ramos defined the trip as "ice-breaking", after bilateral ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case unilaterally initiated by Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino III.
Topics of three parallel panels in the afternoon session included pragmatic cooperation in promoting development of the China-ASEAN strategic partnership, jointly planning, building and sharing Belt and Road construction, and enhancing people-to-people exchanges in building a China-ASEAN community with a shared future.
The Benfold visit comes just days after a PLA Navy taskforce left Pearl Harbor on Friday after completing the Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC 2016) exercises, the world's largest multilateral naval war game, which is held in and around waters of the Hawaiian Islands and Southern California.
Richardson's first visit to China came just days after a July 12 ruling by a Hague-based arbitration tribunal over a case brought by the Philippines on issues regarding territorial disputes with China in the South China Sea.
The Benfold visit comes just days after a PLA Navy taskforce left Pearl Harbor on Friday after completing the Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC 2016) exercises, the world's largest multilateral naval war game, which is held in and around waters of the Hawaiian Islands and Southern California.
Richardson's first visit to China came just days after a July 12 ruling by a Hague-based arbitration tribunal over a case brought by the Philippines on issues regarding territorial disputes with China in the South China Sea.
That said, after a century of national humiliation when China's sovereignty was trampled repeatedly and wantonly, China today is not about to compromise its national rights.
Ties between the two countries became deadlocked in 2013 after the previous Philippine government led by Benigno Aquino sought third-party compulsory arbitral proceedings against China.
South China Sea disputes became more heated after 2009.
That said, after a century of national humiliation when China's sovereignty was trampled repeatedly and wantonly, China today is not about to compromise its national rights.
Japan issued the defense paper a day after China's People Liberation Army celebrated its 89th birthday.
What Japan doesn't say is that the regional security and stability it has enjoyed after the war are not US gifts but the fruits of the joint efforts of its neighbors, especially China.
To win the respect of these neighbors, Japan first has to squarely face its war history and then show enough maturity to resolve burning regional issues such as the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue and the disputes in the East China Sea, instead of citing one excuse after another to strengthen its defense forces.
In 1945, the Japanese military said the atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima was not that important a matter after the horrifying news reached Tokyo and declared that they would sacrifice another 100 million people to defend the "holy land".
Ties between the two countries became deadlocked in 2013 after the previous Philippine government led by Benigno Aquino sought third-party compulsory arbitral proceedings against China.
The Japanese move came a couple of weeks after a British Royal Navy warship, HMS Albion, sailed close to China's Xisha Islands in the South China Sea in what Britain claimed was a freedom of navigation operation, triggering a strong protest from China for violating its maritime sovereignty.
They have come at a time when the territorial disputes in the South China Sea have intensified after an award was made in an arbitration case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines.
The white paper, the first after Japan's security legislation went into effect in March, played up the so-called "gray zone" situations, or neither pure peacetime nor contingencies over territory, sovereignty and economic interests.
When, after their meeting in Laos last week, the foreign ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations did not mention in their final statement the ruling in the South China Sea arbitration case initiated by the Philippines, the three countries came up with their own statement chiding China for its claims in the South China Sea.
"It's the first country to stand out and support China" after the ruling by the Arbitral Tribunal of The Hague in a case unilaterally brought by the Philippines against China over the South China Sea, said Zhi.
For example, visa applications to the Czech Republic from these cities jumped by fivefold from January to June after the country opened more visa centers in China.
The Japanese move came a couple of weeks after a British Royal Navy warship, HMS Albion, sailed close to China's Xisha Islands in the South China Sea in what Britain claimed was a freedom of navigation operation, triggering a strong protest from China for violating its maritime sovereignty.
Observers say the South China Sea situation is now on the right track after three years of chaos, which followed Manila's unilateral initiation of the case that led to the recent ruling by the arbitral tribunal at The Hague.
The joint statement was issued after the meeting in the Laotian capital between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts from the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
However, after two decades of fast growth, the developed world, led by the US, had to consider how a fast-growing China could fit inside their shrinking world.
The issue of China's global integration was brought into sharper focus by the financial crisis of 2008 and its aftermath, as Chinese growth in 2009 and 2010 prevented the global economy from slipping into a depression.
Offensive language is written on a Chinese tourist's passport on page 8 and 24 after the tourist handed over her passport to Vietnamese border staff at passport control at Tan Son Nhat International Airport.
On Saturday, a woman surnamed Zhong from Guangzhou, Guangdong province, found that offensive words had been scribbled in her passport after immigration officials handed it back to her at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City.
The visit came amid tensions in the South China Sea after Beijing rejected a July 12 arbitration ruling in a case unilaterally brought by the Philippines over maritime disputes with China.
News releases issued by both sides afterward focused on bilateral cooperation, without directly mentioning the South China Sea issue.
"I feel educated about the issue after seeing the clip, especially about China's standpoint," said Patrick Joyce, a Boston photographer visiting New York.
Now that it is eyeing the US as an economic lifeline after it exits the European Union — the United Kingdom is no doubt eager to seize whatever opportunity it can to get into Washington's good books.
China and the UK had agreed to actively explore the possibility of discussing a free trade agreement after Brexit, but any act that harms China's core interests will only put a spanner in the works.
The South China Sea disputes, after so much fanfare, seem to be heading toward the right direction of peaceful settlement through bilateral negotiations.
Their trick of confusing right and wrong cannot cover up the fact that the regional bloc rejected the trio's proposal to even mention, in a statement after their foreign ministers' meeting, the award by The Hague arbitral tribunal in the case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines against China, let alone support it.
And it makes the trio's statement seem like a desperate attempt to save face, after their miscalculation and overestimation of their ability to manipulate and pit ASEAN members against China, or one another.
Soon after the arbitration ruling was announced, he said he intended to send former Philippine president Fidel Ramos to China to start negotiations on the South China Sea disputes.
True, Duterte backpedaled from his hardline rhetoric on China even before his inauguration as Philippine president, and after the ruling was announced, he went further to back direct talks with China.
"I will be leaving to the Philippines this afternoon, meeting with President (Rodrigo) Duterte tomorrow, and I would encourage President Duterte to engage in dialogue and in negotiation," he said.
Wang told China Daily on Tuesday night that the three-day meetings were a success, and "the biggest consensus between China and ASEAN this year is to return to the track of resolving disputes through dialogue and consultation" after the arbitration ruling.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi attends a press conference after the meeting between Chinese Foreign Minister and the counterparts from 10 ASEAN members in Vientiane, Laos, July 25, 2016.
In a joint statement issued after the meeting between Wang and his counterparts from the ASEAN member countries, China and ASEAN reaffirmed their efforts to promote peace, stability, mutual trust and confidence in the South China Sea.
The communiqu�� issued on Monday after the ASEAN foreign ministers' meeting in Vientiane, Laos, shows the two sides want to work together for regional stability and prosperity.
The maritime disputes should never be an issue between China and ASEAN although the United States has been trying to internationalize the disputes after it implemented its rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific strategy.
Actually, 25 years after China established dialogue relationship with ASEAN, the potential for cooperation has never been greater.
The ASEAN communiqu��, as well as a joint statement issued later after a meeting between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts from members of the regional bloc, indicate their relationships are resilient enough to withstand discord and outside interference.
Since then the Sino-Philippine relationship has been on something of a roller-coaster ride, hitting its nadir when the administration of Benigno Aquino III, encouraged by the United States, took a confrontational stance toward Beijing, and only coming back to the normal track after President Rodrigo Duterte took steps to answer Beijing's call to reset the strained ties after he took office in 2016.
That is why Philippine defense officials notified their Chinese counterparts immediately after the accidental grounding of the frigate to avoid any misunderstanding, and why, in a show of goodwill, the Chinese Navy offered to help with its recovery.
"Then, after the ruling was made earlier this month, the Philippines asked ASEAN to repeat what the ruling says.
Observers said the South China Sea situation is now on the right track after three years of chaos, which followed Manila's unilateral initiation of the case that led to the recent ruling by the Arbitral Tribunal at The Hague.
The joint statement was issued after the meeting in the Laotian capital between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts from the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
boost mutual trust, deepen cooperation and manage and control differences in a constructive way," President Xi Jinping told US National Security Advisor Susan Rice, according to a news release issued after the meeting.
Her visit also came amid tensions in the South China Sea after Beijing rejected a July 12 arbitration ruling in a case unilaterally brought by the Philippines.
Putting aside the arbitral ruling on the South China Sea should be a premise for possible talks between China and the Philippines, experts said after a former Philippine president was appointed as an envoy to China.
Fidel Ramos, the Philippine president from 1992 to 1998 who steered the country through an economic crisis"I have been cleared by my doctors at the Makati Medical Center," the Inquirer website quoted Ramos as saying in Davao City after a two-hour meeting with Duterte at the Marco Polo Hotel in southern Philippines.
The ABS-CBN reported that Ramos will attend the National Security Council meeting on Monday after Duterte's State of the Nation address at the House of Representatives.
6-million-word inquiry report says the Blair government overstated the threat posed by Saddam Hussein, then Iraqi president, took military actions before diplomatic alternatives were exhausted and had "wholly inadequate" plans for the aftermath.
The vessel, named after an ancient Chinese diplomat, has set out on a two-month voyage to the South Pacific to test its navigation abilities and equipment.
He was appointed after Theresa May replaced David Cameron as British prime minister.
For example, terrorism attacks have occurred one after another.
Pragmatic cooperation Twenty years after the creation of the ASEM mechanism, regional leaders attending the 11th summit charted a new course for bicontinental cooperation in the next decade through promotion of interconnectivity.
To this end, the premier said he expected the ASEM Economic Ministers' Meeting would resume next year after a decadelong suspension, and called for efforts to speed up the development of an open and inclusive Asia-Europe market.
We discussed them: fighting terrorism, pursuing our trade agenda in order to create jobs, moving ahead after the Brexit vote, tackling climate change and the refugee crisis.
The US is the second-largest soybean exporter to China after Brazil.
China's economic rebalancing started after the global financial crisis in 2008 to avoid the so-called middle-income trap and to shift its economy from a model driven by exports and debt-fueled investment to a more sustainable model driven by domestic consumption, innovation and moving up the global supply chain.
Beijing has urged Manila to "walk out of its wrong path" after the top Philippine diplomat refused China’s proposal to put aside the recent ruling in an arbitration case concerning the South China Sea.
China urged the European Union to "be discreet with its words and actions" and be neutral over the South China Sea issue, after the Council of the European Union voiced the EU's acknowledgement of the South China Sea arbitration ruling.
Speaking at a press conference in London, Liu said the Chinese government immediately reaffirmed its solemn position that China does not accept nor recognize the award, after the so-called tribunal in the South China Sea arbitration unilaterally initiated by the Philippines announced its award last week.
The remarks came after Philippine Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay said on Tuesday direct talks with China over maritime disputes were unlikely to start anytime soon due to Beijing's refusal to accept the tribunal ruling on the South China Sea.
In the case of the Philippines, Macaranas said the country's interest in the BRI needs to be viewed from the perspective of "comprehensive and strategic cooperation" that was formed after Xi's visit.
The US is the second-largest soybean exporter to China after Brazil.
China's economic rebalancing started after the global financial crisis in 2008 to avoid the so-called middle-income trap and to shift its economy from a model driven by exports and debt-fueled investment to a more sustainable model driven by domestic consumption, innovation and moving up the global supply chain.
Zhao, who is also former minister of China's State Council Information Office, made the remarks at the media briefing after the Think Tank Seminar on South China Sea and Regional Cooperation and Development held here on Monday.
Sino-US military interactions have become more mature and professional, especially after the signing of rules of behavior for the safety of air and maritime encounters in 2014.
"The release of such reports year after year has harmed the mutual trust, and we ask the United States to abandon the Cold War mindset and adopt an objective and rational attitude toward China's defense and military developments," he said.
In the aftermath of the arbitral ruling presented by The Hague's Arbitral Tribunal of the Permanent Court of Arbitration on July 12, John Anthony Carty, a professor at Tsinghua University, is among a number of international academics and maritime experts who are now questioning the decision's denial of Chinese rights in the South China Sea.
A special panel on the South China Sea arbitration was held on the afternoon of July 16 before the forum concluded.
But even after this arbitration is over, China may still rely on its inherent right of self-defense to keep Philippine vessels out of the disputed waters, Gau said, adding that allowing hostile Philippines vessels to approach is not an option as China regards it as a serious matter of maintaining territorial integrity.
Gau's remarks, in fact, shed light on some inevitable questions in the wake of the July 12 ruling: How to deal with the aftermath of the ruling and how is the ruling going to impact on the international legal system and international relations.
"The release of such reports by the US side year after year has harmed mutual trust and is not in line with the common interests between China and the United States," said Wu.
The two-day event is the first major international forum held after the Arbitral Tribunal appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague ruled on Tuesday in favor of the Philippines in a South China Sea arbitration case it unilaterally filed against China.
Even after the absurd arbitration ruling, China retains its faith in a peaceful solution and will welcome direct negotiation.
The two-day event is the first major international forum held after the Arbitral Tribunal appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague ruled on Tuesday in favor of the Philippines in a South China Sea arbitration case it unilaterally filed against China.
Observers noted that Li made the comments after Tokyo publicly pressed Beijing to accept Tuesday's ruling in an arbitration case on the South China Sea dispute that was unilaterally initiated by the Philippines.
Li told Abe that the two sides should properly manage and control differences, and he said Japan is not a country directly involved in the South China Sea dispute, according to a news release by the Chinese side after the meeting.
China neither accepts nor recognizes it," the ministry said in a statement shortly after the award was announced.
The announcement came after an arbitral tribunal in The Hague issued an award Tuesday on an arbitration case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines against China regarding their disputes in the South China Sea.
"(Duterte said) we'll start the bilateral talks," Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno told reporters, saying the president made the remarks during a cabinet meeting shortly after the ad hoc tribunal's award on Tuesday.
The event is the first major international forum held after the Arbitral Tribunal appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague on Tuesday ruled in favor of the Philippines in a South China Sea arbitration case unilaterally filed by the island country against China.
That's why most Asian countries overcame difficulties after the global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009.
Shortly after the announcement, President Xi Jinping reiterated that China is committed to resolving disputes through direct negotiations, but said its national sovereignty and maritime interests will not be influenced under any circumstances by The Hague ruling.
Beijing issued two statements immediately after the ruling at The Hague.
He said Japan should be clear about the history of the South China Sea issue because the Chinese islands were taken by Japan during World War II and were returned to China after Japan's surrender.
  A fisherman transports his catch after a day's work off Yongxing Island in Sansha, Hainan province, in late 2012.
Both planes returned to Haikou in the afternoon.
The ruling's stillbirth was predestined, not just because of Beijing's stance of no participation and no acceptance, which it stated from the very beginning, and which it reiterated on July 12 after the ruling was announced.
In response, Cheng says a number of international treaties and conventions signed after World War II have all recognized China's sovereignty over the South China Sea.
The US resolved the disputes with Nicaragua through dialogue afterward, as the UK and Mauritius are doing now, says Cheng, a seasoned counsel and arbitrator who has been involved in many international arbitration cases.
When the Chinese government recovered Taiping Island after World War II, it found six freshwater wells and lush plants.
Nanhai Zhudao have been widely recognized as part of China's territory by the international community after the end of the Second World War.
In the aftermath of the arbitral tribunal's ruling on the Philippines' appeal against China in the South China Sea dispute, the US, Japan, some European Union countries and many maritime nations in Southeast Asia will question and deny the legitimacy of China's claims of sovereignty, maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea.
His stay in power could be a good omen for China-Australia ties, which gathered robust momentum after their historic free trade deal came into effect at the end of last year.
But just one day after the arbitral tribunal passed an utterly one-sided ruling in the case initiated by the Philippines against China in the South China Sea dispute, Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told ABC Radio that China's reputation would suffer if it ignores the ruling, and called on both Beijing and Manila to respect it.
Telecast just two days after Australia's national elections, the program drew a lot of attention from both sides, testifying to the rising importance of China-Australia ties and concerns over the effect of the South China Sea issue on them.
Explanations that Australia relies heavily on the shipping lanes in the South China Sea to justify its involvement in the disputes seem superficial after John Russell with the North Head Communications, admitted during the debate that Canberra's role in the South China Sea is just a political contribution to Washington's stance on the issue.
” Pan Jin'e, an expert on Vietnamese studies with the academy, said that besides the discussion on the South China Sea, the meeting was important because it was the first between the two leaders after Vietnam's key Party conference elected the new leadership.
Some were named after compass directions in Chinese renditions, such as Chouwei (Zhubi Jiao) and Dongtou Yixin (Pengbo Ansha); some were named after local aquatic products in the surrounding waters such as Chigua Xian (Chigua Jiao, "chigua" means "red sea cucumber") and Mogua Xian (Nanping Jiao, "mogua" means "black sea cucumber"); some were named after their shapes, such as Niaochuan (Xian'e Jiao, "niaochuan" means "bird string") and Shuangdan (Xinyi Jiao, "shuangdan" means "shoulder poles"); some were named after physical objects, such as Guogai Zhi (Anbo Shazhou, "guogai" means "pot cover") and Chenggou Zhi (Jinghong Dao, "chenggou" means "steelyard hook"); still some were named after waterways such as Liumen Sha (Liumen Jiao, "liumen" means "six doorways").
Shortly after this Incident happened, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs made clear through its spokesperson, referring to the relevant islands of Nansha Qundao, that "no other people but Chinese fishermen live on the islands and they are recognized internationally as Chinese territory".
Subsequently, the Chinese government renamed four islands of Xisha Qundao and Nansha Qundao after the names of those four warships.
The United States is caught up in the four-yearly trap of presidential elections, with presumptive Republican and Democratic candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton locked in a not-so-healthy debate even as the country wrestles with the ghost of racism in the aftermath of the killings of black civilians by white police officers.
The standoff between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the Republic of Korea has intensified after Seoul's move to deepen relations with Washington, especially after the ROK decided to allow the US to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system on its soil.
In response, Cheng said a number of international treaties and conventions signed after World War II have all recognized China's sovereignty over the South China Sea.
The US resolved the disputes with Nicaragua through dialogue afterward, as the UK and Mauritius are doing now, said Cheng, a seasoned counsel and arbitrator who has been involved in many international arbitration cases.
Together with two young Chinese, the then-25-year-old Zhong Siyao founded the company in 2016 after graduating from Keio University and working at a large Japanese company.
Some were named after compass directions in Chinese renditions, such as Chouwei (Zhubi Jiao) and Dongtou Yixin (Pengbo Ansha); some were named after local aquatic products in the surrounding waters such as Chigua Xian (Chigua Jiao, "chigua" means "red sea cucumber") and Mogua Xian (Nanping Jiao, "mogua" means "black sea cucumber"); some were named after their shapes, such as Niaochuan (Xian'e Jiao, "niaochuan" means "bird string") and Shuangdan (Xinyi Jiao, "shuangdan" means "shoulder poles"); some were named after physical objects, such as Guogai Zhi (Anbo Shazhou, "guogai" means "pot cover") and Chenggou Zhi (Jinghong Dao, "chenggou" means "steelyard hook"); still some were named after waterways such as Liumen Sha (Liumen Jiao, "liumen" means "six doorways").
Shortly after this Incident happened, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs made clear through its spokesperson, referring to the relevant islands of Nansha Qundao, that "no other people but Chinese fishermen live on the islands and they are recognized internationally as Chinese territory".
Subsequently, the Chinese government renamed four islands of Xisha Qundao and Nansha Qundao after the names of those four warships.
So it is unrealistic to assume everything will be fine after the issue of trade deficit is resolved.
In 1979, after winning the war, Hanoi adopted the South Vietnamese stance.
Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai talks about China's stance on the South China Sea issue on Tuesday afternoon at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington following the ruling in the morning by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague in a case brought by the Philippines against China regarding the South China Sea dispute.
He made the remarks in a speech in Washington on Tuesday afternoon following the ruling announced in the morning by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague in a case brought by the Philippines against China regarding disputes in the South China Sea.
His speech came after the Chinese government and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs respectively issued statements on China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea and on the award by the arbitration tribunal.
The five-chapter whitepaper was released after that the Arbitral Tribunal, appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague, announced on Tuesday that China has no "historic title" over the South China Sea.
Beijing issued two statements immediately after the arbitration ruling was announced.
Following is the full text of the Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China regarding the Award of the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea Arbitration Established at the Request of the Republic of the Philippines issued on Tuesday With regard to the award rendered on July 12 by the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea arbitration, established at the unilateral request of the Republic of the Philippines (hereinafter referred to as the "Arbitral Tribunal"), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China solemnly declares that the award is null and void and has no binding force.
Beijing issued two statements immediately after the arbitration ruling was announced.
The ruling's stillbirth was predestined, not just because of Beijing's stance of no participation and no acceptance, which it stated from the very beginning, and which it reiterated on Tuesday after the ruling was announced.
The real disputes in the Arbitration are territorial dispute and maritime delimitation There are solid legal bases for China’s sovereignty over the Dongsha Islands, Xisha Islands, Zhongsha Islands and Nansha Islands in the South China Sea (hereinafter collectively referred to as the SCS Islands) and the adjacent waters.
The government statement, issued after a ruling by an arbitral tribunal in the unilaterally-initiated case on the South China Sea, pointed out that China is ready to continue to resolve disputes peacefully through negotiation and consultation "with the states directly concerned on the basis of respecting historical facts and in accordance with international law".
[Photo/Xinhua] China does not accept any third party trying to impose a settlement or any solution forced on China, the Foreign Ministry said in a statement issued on Tuesday after a ruling, technically described as an award, by an arbitral tribunal in the unilaterally-initiated case on the South China Sea.
Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China on the Award of 12 July 2016 of the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea Arbitration Established at the Request of the Republic of the Philippines With regard to the award rendered on 12 July 2016 by the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea arbitration established at the unilateral request of the Republic of the Philippines (hereinafter referred to as the "Arbitral Tribunal"), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China solemnly declares that the award is null and void and has no binding force.
Yet even after those amendments, the great power's legislature prioritizes protectionist sentiment over respect for global rule of law," Beech pointed out in her article.
China neither accepts nor recognizes it," the ministry said in a statement shortly after the publication of the award.
Japan owes its rapid economic development in the initial decades after World War II partly to its promise of peace.
However, after Tillerson and McMaster were forced to leave, Mattis has been lonely and sadly sidelined.
We don’t know if Secretary Mattis would have an “eye-to-eye” opportunity to report to President Trump after his trip, but we do hope he would bring these messages back to the US.
She was speaking on Wednesday after the US air force confirmed that two B52 bombers conducted exercises near China’s Nansha Islands, and Washington is reportedly considering sending an aircraft carrier battle group through the Taiwan Straits.
Being marked by Li's visit, bilateral ties are now back on the right track after the ups and downs of the past.
But his story, which can be fully told only by drawing on the imagination, still intrigues, even after 1,500 years.
That was more than half a millennium after the initial opening of the terrestrial Silk Road, by a man named Zhang Qian, between 139 BC and 126 BC.
The news came less than a month after the US sent the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt to the South China Sea.
Besides, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "informal" summit with President Xi in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, last month signaled the warming up of Sino-Indian relations after the border standoff at Donglang (Doklam) last year.
China’s achievements in neighborhood diplomacy reflect that China has an extended ascent toward, what Carl von Clausewitz described as, the “culminating point of victory”, the moment in a battle that an attacking force, after having achieved success, has to halt its advance and consolidate its gains.
The miracle of Japan's economic revival after World War II has also had a great impact on China's economic development.
In the years following the normalization of bilateral ties, especially after the signing of the China-Japan Treaty of Peace and Friendship in 1978, both sides experienced friendly and mutually beneficial relations.
[Photo/VCG] Premier Li Keqiang's ongoing visit to Indonesia is his first international trip after China's new Cabinet took office in March.
Title Trump will realize folly after tasting bitter fruit of the seed he has sown
The move came just days after the US Trade Representative proposed to levy additional 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods.
It is likely therefore that the US will realize that protectionism and confrontation cannot "make America great again" after swallowing the bitter fruit of the seed it has sowed, especially because China has made it clear it will not back off from a US-orchestrated trade war.
On Friday, the Ministry of National Defense expressed strong indignation and issued a stern warning after a US warship entered the waters around Chinese islands and reefs in the South China Sea.
The guided missile destroyer USS Mustin was warned away after it entered Chinese waters around China's Nasha Islands without permission.
[Photo/Xinhua] On Friday, the Ministry of National Defense expressed strong indignation and issued a stern warning after a US warship entered the waters around Chinese islands and reefs in the South China Sea.
The guided missile destroyer USS Mustin was warned away after it entered Chinese waters around China's Nasha Islands without permission.
Sino-Philippine ties soured amid maritime disputes in the South China Sea, but began improving after Duterte became president in June 2016.
The PLA air force recently conducted a combat air patrol in the South China Sea and conducted training exercises after passing over the Bashi Channel and Miyako Strait.
And China and the ASEAN countries held the first consultation on the text of a Code of Conduct for the waters a few days ago after endorsing the framework for the code of behavior last year.
And China and the ASEAN countries held the first consultation on the text of a Code of Conduct for the waters a few days ago after endorsing the framework for the code of behavior last year.
China now ranks third in attracting foreign students after the United States and the United Kingdom, with 11 percent growth in 2016 over 2015.
"With the objective of maintaining and promoting peace and stability in the region, both sides discussed ways to manage and prevent incidents at sea, promote dialogue and cooperation on maritime issues, and enhance mutual trust and confidence," said a statement issued after the one-day meeting, adding they "had a positive, fruitful and productive meeting.
What China did in the dispute in the East China and South China Seas was to implement a defense strategy of settlement through peaceful negotiations between parties directly concerned and it will attack only after being attacked.
US President Donald Trump, accompanied by US Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, left, walks up the steps into the Pentagon after making a statement in Washington, DC on on  Jan 18, 2018.
[Photo: VCG] US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis' weeklong trip to Asia has caught global attention as it comes just two days after the Pentagon revealed its national defense strategy on Friday.
The two sides issued the call in a joint communique released after Chinese Premier Li Keqiang concluded an official visit to Cambodia.
Now, after October, it’s already 800 thousand, and the goal is to make it 1 million, perhaps by Chinese New Year, we can achieve this.
Editor's Note: Chinese director Feng Xiaogang's latest film Youth, which partly reflects on the China-Vietnam war of 1979, has earned high ratings after being released earlier this month following a two-month delay.
The delay sparked a debate on China-Vietnam ties nearly four decades after the border war.
By focusing on the youths' humanity, life, love and freedom, and their struggle to make ends meet after leaving the military, Youth takes a course different from many other Chinese films.
In Monday's meeting, ASEAN countries responded positively to the start of negotiations, according to a Chinese news release after the meeting.
Just hours after US President Donald Trump recommended himself to his Vietnamese host as "a very good mediator and arbitrator" for the South China Sea disputes, Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, and his Vietnamese counterpart reached a consensus on appropriately managing the two neighbors’ maritime disputes.
That Xi, as president of China, is paying state visits to Vietnam and Laos besides attending the APEC forum, and Premier Li Keqiang is paying a formal visit to the Philippines after attending the ASEAN summit, are unmistakable signs of the importance China places on good neighborly relations, and the commitment the country is making to its established principles of amity and sincerity in its relations with its neighbors.
Noting that it is his second state visit to Vietnam, after the first in 2015, Xi expressed gratitude for the warm, considerate reception from the Vietnamese party, government and people.
Trong said that the fact that it is Xi's first trip overseas after the congress shows the high level of attention of the CPC and Xi to advancing Vietnam-China relations.
