Both sides agreed that the "successful visit" of President Xi to Brunei was of "strategic importance" to the deepening of bilateral relations,

US-Australia relations becoming worse in February after US President Donald Trump criticized Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the phone over a refugee resettlement agreement former US president Barack Obama had made between the two countries.

They expressed deep concern after then Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott ignored a US warning in March 2015 and joined the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.

However, the move came just days after Saudi Arabia began promoting a Qatari royal family member whose branch of the family was ousted in a palace coup in 1972.


Qatar pulled its ambassador last year after Saudi Arabia's execution of a prominent Shiite cleric sparked attacks on two Saudi diplomatic posts in Iran, a move to show solidarity with the kingdom.


Being forced to hear the line "you're fired" and leave his last stronghold in Washington after his removal from the National Security Council in April, this advisor to the US president has been banished from the inner circle by the trend of history.


Spokeswoman Hua Chunying commented after the US and Japan issued a joint statement expressing "serious concerns" on the issue.


The two countries released the statement after Japan's foreign and defense ministers met in Washington on Thursday with the US secretaries of state and defense.


Cayetano made the comment when asked about China's ties with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) at a press conference Tuesday afternoon in Manila.


The situation in the South China Sea has been largely stabilized after a year of joint efforts, with China and the ASEAN continue to enjoy a good relationship.


The agreement was announced by Foreign Minister Wang Yi after his meeting with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in the Philippine capital.


Wang announced in a press briefing after the meeting that China had proposed three steps for discussing the COC.


China has proposed a three-step vision to step up consultations on the Code of Conduct (COC) in the South China Sea after ASEAN nations approved the framework of the COC.


All sides fully acknowledged the positive momentum that the improving situation in the South China Sea is demonstrating and expressed their approval of the framework of the COC which they believe laid a sound foundation for the substantive consultations, Wang told reporters after the China-ASEAN Foreign Ministers' Meeting.


After meeting with Wang that to develop bilateral ties, Beijing and Manila have to seek joint exploration of natural resources to benefit the people of both nations.


He noted that leaders from the two countries decided on the joint exploration in the South China Sea in 1986, but breakthroughs have yet to be achieved after discussions lasting 31 years.


”

The State Council submitted a proposal after summing up the experience in the experiments, and the NPC Standing Committee made an overall revision in September, 2016, of the Law on Foreign Capital Enterprises, the Law on Chinese-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Law on Chinese-Foreign Contractual Joint Ventures and the Law on the Protection of Investments of Taiwan Compatriots, and upgraded the reform measures taken for the experiments in the pilot free trade zones into laws, and at the same time terminated the legal validity of the two authorization decisions.


Moreover, in order to strengthen follow-up oversight over the work of the Government and the Supreme Court and Supreme Procuratorate in handling the inspection reports and the opinions and suggestions from NPC Standing Committee members on the reports and the improvements made by the government, court and procuratorate thereafter, and to urge them to solve the outstanding contradictions and problems, the NPC Standing Committee asked them to submit written or oral reports on their follow-up work.


The drafters of the report conclude "China's leaders remain focused on developing the capabilities to deter or defeat adversary power projection and counter third-party intervention — including by the United States — during a crisis or conflict".


In addition, after three decades of breakneck economic development, Chinese companies are now more capable of competing for businesses with its overseas competitors, given the rise in technological sophistication and maturity.


King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia gave his first official visit to China after assuming the throne in 2006.


Cooperation under the framework of the initiative has already borne fruits, such as the Chongqing Demonstration Initiative on Strategic Connectivity - the third of their government-to-government projects after Suzhou Industrial Park and Tianjin Eco-City - which is helping drive the growth of China's less-developed western region through better transport, financing and data connectivity.


And lingering issues heat up from time to time, while non-traditional security challenges appear one after another.


Her remarks were in response to a question on how China views the comments about China from US Defense Secretary James Mattis and Tomomi Inada, Japan's defense minister, at the Shangri-La Dialogue that concluded on Sunday afternoon.


China strongly denounced the communique released after a G7 summit, saying it interfered in the East China Sea and South China Sea issues in the guise of international law, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said early Sunday.


A joint news release issued after the meeting said the mechanism should be "a platform for confidence-building measures and for promoting maritime cooperation and maritime security".


The meeting was four days after President Xi Jinping and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte reaffirmed they would solve the South China Sea issue through dialogue and negotiations on Monday when Duterte attended the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in Beijing.


Beijing's relations with Manila made a U-turn after Duterte assumed office in June 2016.


He made the remarks at a news conference after a meeting of senior officials from China and ASEAN member countries.


Cooperation under the framework of the initiative has already borne fruits, such as the Chongqing Demonstration Initiative on Strategic Connectivity — the third of their government-to-government projects after Suzhou Industrial Park and


It is heartening to see the South China Sea issue has been brought back onto the right track of dialogue and consultation after last year's turbulence.


These interactions and exchanges between China and members of the regional bloc, conducted just a few days after Beijing hosted the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, prove that ASEAN is a top priority in China's good-neighborly diplomacy.


In 1965, North Korea had its first 2-megawatt small light water reactor, after which the Soviet experts returned home.


From the beginning of the 1980s, North Korea started to construct a 5-megawatt natural uranium graphite gas-cooled reactor, which would be able to produce 6 kilograms (13 pounds) of weapons-grade plutonium each year after its completion.


Soon after, North Korean President Kim Il-sung visited China and discussed with Chinese leaders the disintegration of the USSR and its consequences.


It is worth mentioning that after the 9/11attacks, the spokes- person of the DPRK Ministry of Foreign Affairs made a statement that the 9/11 attacks were a "very regretful and tragic incident," stressing that "as a UN member state, North Korea is opposed to all forms of terrorism…And this stance will remain unchanged.


The ship was later released after the Yemeni government guaranteed that the missiles would only be used in Yemen and that it would not buy them again.


sent Secretary Powell to China for help—and that a denuclearized Korea was also in the interest of China—the Chinese government, after careful consideration, decided to accept the U.


In July 2003, Dai Bingguo, who was then the vice foreign minister of China and who had a long association with the North Koreans, visited North Korea after visiting Washington, where he had already received a U.


Many have ascribed Australia's strategic distrust of China to the country's alliance with the US, which was forged after World War II.


Some of China-US dialogues expected to continue So far Trump has not taken aggressive actions toward China despite his tough talk during and after the campaign.


Need for long-term perspectives on Korean peninsula Asked to comment on the possible China-US cooperation on containing the rising tensions on the Korean peninsula after the recent nuclear test and test launching of missiles by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), Paal said efforts should be first made to restart talks.


Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and Australian counterpart, Malcolm Turnbull, speak at joint press conference after their annual talks in Canberra  in Australia on March 24, 2017.


Li, who is on an official visit to Australia from Wednesday to Sunday, made the comment at a joint press conference with his Australian counterpart, Malcolm Turnbull, after their annual talks in Canberra.


In July, after an arbitration tribunal passed a biased verdict in support of the Philippines and against China in a dispute involving the South China Sea, groups of angry people in Hebei province blocked the doors to some KFC outlets and shouted slogans such as "Foreign brand out of China.


The previous US administration under Barack Obama embarked on the "rebalancing to Asia" strategy not long after China became the world's second-largest economy seven years ago.


For example, on Monday, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea test-fired four ballistic missiles, after testing a new type of Pukguksong-2 ballistic missile on Feb 12.


In his first address to Congress after taking office, Trump proposed a huge 54-billion-U.


At a news conference after the ASEAN foreign ministers' meeting on Tuesday, Philippine Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay said the South China Sea issue is not the "sum-total" of relations between the Philippines and China, and the Philippines has decided to focus on the bigger picture of its relations with China.


Carl Vinson's navigation in South China Sea for the first time after US President Donald Trump was sworn in, sent a message that Trump may inherit former president Barack Obama's Asia-pivot strategy.


US President Donald Trump (R) and visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe walk to board Marine One departing for Andrews Air Force Base en route to West Palm Beach, Florida, after their joint press conference at the White House in Washington D.


Trump made the remarks at a press conference after talks with visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House.


Similarly, relations between world powers are not decided by a small handful of people, but should be managed after taking into account of national interests and the overall balance of power.


A:

He has proposed the idea of a "Security Diamond" against China in an article after he took office.


The experts agreed that Trump's affirmation of the one-China policy, the bedrock of the China-US ties, paved the way for the phone call, which probably came after Trump and advisers concluded that the costs of not doing so could bring greater costs than benefits.


Trump had previously aggravated China by taking a call from Taiwan leader Tsai Ing-wen after winning the US presidency last November and telling the US media in December that the one-China policy was open for negotiation.


Media reports revealed that US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said in written answers to questions after his Senate nomination hearing that the US should adhere to the one-China policy.


Against this backdrop, the letter, though terse and issued nearly three weeks after Trump's inauguration, is still a positive signal, as it suggests that reason still prevails in the White House.


He made the remarks at a news conference after meeting with his Australian counterpart Julie Bishop on Tuesday in Canberra, the Australian capital.


Wang said that after World War II, with the assistance from the US government, China restored its sovereignty over the Nansha Islands which used to be occupied by Japan.


Some of China's neighbors illegally occupied some of the islands and reefs of the Nansha Islands afterward, which led to the so-called South China Sea disputes, he added.


It is "worthy of recognition" that the US defense secretary stressed a diplomatic push in the South China Sea disputes, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said Monday after the Pentagon chief played down any need for major US military moves in the South China Sea.


Beijing says it will protect its territory after the Trump administration's threats over maritime disputes China called on the United States on Jan 24 to respect facts and "speak and behave with caution" after the new US administration of President Donald Trump hinted it would take a tougher stance on the South China Sea.


Foreign Ministry says determination to protect territory will be 'unchanged' China called on the United States on Tuesday to respect facts and "speak and behave with caution" after the new US administration of President Donald Trump hinted it would take a tougher stance on the South China Sea.


Hong Kong customs officials announced on Tuesday that nine Singaporean armed vehicles seized two months ago will be returned after the completion of an investigation.


Beijing says it will protect its territory after the Trump administration's threats over maritime disputes China called on the United States on Tuesday to respect facts and "speak and behave with caution" after the new US administration of President Donald Trump hinted it would take a tougher stance on the South China Sea.


"The Trump administration might make an adjustment, adopt a more practical China policy after six months, when it sees it has failed to force China to concede to its aggressive manner regarding issues Washington believes are critical," he added.


Hong Kong customs officials announced on Tuesday that nine Singaporean armed vehicles seized two months ago will be returned after the completion of an investigation.

4 billion Chinese, who still bitterly remember how China was forced to cede Taiwan to Japan under the humiliating Treaty of Shimonoseki after losing the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895.


Last week's hearings for Tillerson and Mattis came a few days after North Korea announced that it will launch an inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) "anytime and anywhere" determined by its supreme headquarters.


Sovereignty and territorial integrity, especially regarding Taiwan, touches the sensitive nerve of Chinese who still bitterly remember how China was forced to cede Taiwan to Japan under the humiliating Treaty of Shimonoseki after losing the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895.


Taiwan was returned to China in 1945 after the Second World War.


Last week's hearings for Tillerson and Mattis came a few days after North Korea announced that it will launch an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) "anytime and anywhere" determined by its supreme headquarters.


The economic foundation for bilateral ties is likely to be strengthened after Duterte attends the forum, Zhou predicted.


Yet, Abe's calculation is doomed to fail as both the trend of the times and the political uncertainty in the US after Donald Trump's election as the new US president show the US-led alliance network will continue to decline instead of strengthen.


In Lei's opinion, Trump is likely to promote trade protectionism after he takes office in January, in line with his statements during the election campaign.


He also said this is progress in just one phase of negotiation on the Code of Conduct for the South China Sea, adding that the heavier work will come after the draft is completed.


What will happen to the United States after its businessman-cum-president assumes office with his team of billionaires.


Philippines' U-turn towards China after the South China Sea arbitration case.


Second, China should cement the diplomatic achievements made after the South China Sea arbitration in 2016 and strive for the long-time stability of its southern waters.


Things started getting more complicated after Seoul allowed Washington to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system on the ROK soil, which Beijing is vehemently opposed to.


Instead, they have become more strained after Tokyo sought to meddle in and play up the South China Sea disputes between China and some ASEAN member states.


And by scrambling its fighter jets after Chinese air force planes had passed through Miyako Strait recently, Japan has added a grave twist to the already strained bilateral ties.


Since taking office in 2012, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been relentlessly building up Japan's armed forces after reclaiming the right to collective defense by muscling through constitutional revisions in parliament.


According to the statement issued after the meeting, the dialogue was "fruitful and productive" as the two parties exchanged views on current and other issues of concern, and considered approaches to address such issues in a "mutually beneficial way".


Vietnam is dredging a new channel on a Chinese reef in the South China Sea, putting at risk the recent relaxation of regional tension after the Philippines agreed with China to solve maritime issues peacefully.


A major row this year, caused by Philippines' unilateral arbitration case against China, was peacefully resolved after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's visit to China.


"Now it is just continuing that work by making use of the relaxation of tension in the region, now that the Philippines has agreed to solve disputes with China through direct talks and the United States' policy after Donald Trump takes office

is still unclear," he said.


The Philippine Congress confirmed Jose Santiago "Chito" Santa Romana as ambassador to China on Wednesday, after President Rodrigo Duterte put forward his nomination in September.


The incoming ambassador also said his priority after taking office, probably in January, is to implement agreements the two countries signed during Duterte's visit in October.


On the other hand, repeating such sentiments after his election to the office of president may imply actual policy plans, which his administration intends to adopt.


This question is uppermost on many people's minds a day after Republican Trump defeated former secretary of state Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election.


Of far more importance will be Trump's words and deeds after he enters the White House.


China-US relations are becoming more complicated but more stable, and may undergo transition after Trump unveils his political agenda, presumably three months after he assumes office in January.


Although the possibility of a military conflict between China and the United States is slim, whether the China-US relationship will focus on strategic competition with only minimal essential cooperation, like the one between Washington and Moscow after the Ukraine crisis, has become a theoretical but serious question.


China confirmed on Monday that Philippine fishermen are allowed access to Huangyan Island as "an appropriate arrangement" based on Beijing's friendship with Manila, after the Philippines said its people have been able to fish there in recent days.


During a four-day trip to China in October, Duterte resumed Manila's relationship with Beijing after his predecessor, Benigno Aquino III, worsened bilateral ties by being confrontational toward China.


A meeting between US and Philippine military officials, originally scheduled for Oct 24, has been postponed to Nov 24 after the US presidential election to decide the fate of the decades-old joint exercises.


His acerbic remarks on the Manila-Washington alliance apart, Duterte made genuine efforts during his visit to China to put Beijing-Manila ties back on track after his predecessor Benigno Aquino III soured the relationship between China and the Philippines by blatantly siding with the United States to initiate arbitral proceedings against Beijing over their maritime dispute in the South China Sea.


Interactions between Chinese and Philippine leaderships, for starters, are likely to resume after Duterte's visit to China, when he and his host President Xi Jinping witnessed the signing of many a cooperation deal.


Hence, a change of position was just a matter of time, and that time has ripened after Duterte took office.


Forged after the World War II and prevailing through the Cold War era, the US global military alliances bear such features as inequality and exclusiveness, and are now outdated.


But in a poll after the Sept 26 first debate conducted by Weibo, China's Twitter-like microblogging website, the tables had turned: 48 percent of the 5,685 respondents thought that Clinton won the debate while 29 percent said Trump won the debate, according to a research report by David Dollar and Wang Wei of Brookings.


Duterte, who took office in July, has been faced with repairing chilly ties with Beijing after the Cabinet of former president Aquino Benigno III unilaterally filed a case to an international tribunal on the South China Sea.


He was responding to the question about a warming relationship between China and the Philippines after the new president Rodrigo Duterte took office three months ago.


Based on experience gained in the implementation of the first and second national human rights action plans, the Chinese government has formulated the National Human Rights Action Plan of China (2016-2020)

(hereinafter referred to as the Action Plan) in accordance with the constitutional principle that the state respects and protects human rights and the spirit of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other related international human rights conventions, and in combination with the implementation of the Outline of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People's Republic of China.


China and Japan set a good example of mutual help in the aftermath of the devastating Wenchuan earthquake in China in 2008 and the catastrophic earthquake in northeast Japan and the ensuing tsunami in 2011.


In a talk on Monday afternoon, Steinberg described the consensus as not only benefiting the people of China and the US, but the rest of the region, including US allies.


Spokesman Lu Kang's comments came after Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada said Thursday in Washington that she strongly supports US freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea and vowed to increase engagement in the waters.


Foreign Ministry responds to Pence speech, stresses non-interference

The Chinese Foreign Ministry said on Friday that it was “ridiculous” for Washington to characterize its regular exchanges with China as interference after US Vice-President Mike Pence had accused Beijing of meddling in American politics.


At Princeton, he worked on a dissertation examining nuclear strategy and found that while people like Chinese leader Mao Zedong talked big and bombastic and threatening, they became more moderate after they developed the bomb.


Though the school wanted him to work on the Middle East and Russia after the Sept 11 attack, Goldstein found his way back to China studies after a while.


Phuc is leading an unprecedentedly large delegation of 132 members to Beijing during a six-day trip, his first to China as Prime Minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.


The agreements were signed after the 19th ASEAN-China Leaders' Meeting in Vientiane, capital of Laos.


He arrived in Beijing on Sept 12 after attending the opening ceremony of the 13th China-ASEAN Expo on Sunday in Nanning, capital of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.


Phuc also headed for Hong Kong on Sept 14 after meeting five members of China's top leadership.


Phuc is leading an unprecedentedly large delegation of 132 members to Beijing during a six-day trip, his first to China as prime minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.


The agreements were signed after the 19th ASEAN-China Leaders' Meeting in Vientiane, the capital of Laos.


Phuc arrived in Beijing on Monday after attending the opening ceremony of the 13th China-ASEAN Expo on Sunday in Nanning, capital of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.


Phuc will head for Hong Kong on Wednesday after meeting with five members of China's top leadership, Liu said.


Soon after an arbitral tribunal in The Hague handed down its ruling in favor of the Philippines in the South China Sea arbitration case on July 12, Australia joined a chorus led by the United States to press China to accept the ruling, giving a deaf year to China's stance that the arbitral tribunal had no jurisdiction over the case.


The diplomat made the remarks after the two-and-a-half-hour East Asia Summit, which was held in Vientiane.


Russia supports China's stance on the South China Sea issue and opposes any third-party interference, Putin told a news conference after the G20 summit in China.


Tension flared up last month after more than a dozen Chinese coastguard and other government ships sailed near a group of East China Sea islets controlled by Tokyo but claimed also by Beijing, making a meeting between the two top leaders on the sidelines of the G20 summit uncertain.


However, after what the country remembers as the 100 years of humiliation in the aftermath of the Opium Wars there is no alarming sign of a revengeful political narrative targeting the West or Japan.


Emerging economies, and China in particular, have been active parties in the institutional effort to respond to the world financial chaos spread from the US and Europe after 2008.


Tension rose early this month after the reported deployment of rocket launchers by Vietnam on several of the Nansha Islands.


But soon afterwards, it will hold a high-level event with the ASEAN, to take place in Vientiane, capital of Laos.


Asean, China can leverage ties to improve global positionBut soon afterwards, it will hold a high-level event with the ASEAN, to take place in Vientiane, capital of Laos.


According to OECD, for the 2016-20 period, ASEAN's average growth rate is projected to be the third in Asia, after only India and China (with India as the leader).


This was after a 41.


China said on Thursday it expects talks to be held between Beijing and Manila "at an early date", after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday that talks on the South China Sea dispute are likely within a year.


Ties between Beijing and Manila suffered after the Philippines, under its former leadership, initiated an arbitration against China.


China said on Thursday it expects talks to be held between Beijing and Manila "at an early date", after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday he expects talks with China on their South China Sea dispute within a year.


Foreign ministers of the three countries will meet in Tokyo on Wednesday morning under the regular trilateral mechanism which was resumed in March last year after a three-year hiatus.


Former Philippine president Ramos' recent visit to Hong Kong to meet with "Chinese friends", including senior diplomat Fu Ying, is a good start to ease the tensions after an arbitral tribunal ruled in favor of Manila in a South China Sea dispute with Beijing last month.


Yukio Hatoyama, for example, resigned as Japan's prime minister in June 2010 after less than one year in power.


China and the Philippines have agreed to restart the joint commission on commerce and trade to increase trade between the two countries, after their ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case over the South China Sea dispute.


Shen's comments came after Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng met Ramon M Lopez, the Filipino secretary of the Department of Trade and Industry, in Vientiane, the capital of Laos, earlier this month.


"We held the conference more frequently than in previous years," Liu told reporters after the meeting.


Shortly after the international tribunal made its ruling on the case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines on its territorial dispute with China in the South China Sea, Japan's Foreign Ministry declared that the award was "final" and should be binding, in total disregard of China's previously stated stance that the ruling is null and void and it would neither accept nor participate in the process.


Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe even attempted to include the South China Sea as a topic for discussion at the 11th Asia-Europe Meeting in mid-July, but failed after meeting resistance from many participating countries.


Kim Bok-Dong, who was forced to serve as a sex slave for Japanese troops during World War II, speaks to the media after a bell-ringing event in Seoul on Monday.


South Korea expressed deep regret on Monday after dozens of Japanese lawmakers visited a shrine for war dead.

Philippine president Fidel Ramos said on Friday that he and his Chinese "old friends" looked forward to starting formal discussions, after bilateral ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case over the South China Sea dispute.


Ramos met in Hong Kong with Fu Ying, foreign affairs chief of China's top legislature, and Wu Shicun, president of China's National Institute of South China Seas Studies, a think tank, according to a statement released after the talks.


This is clearly evidenced by their timing, as the accusations come after Japan has already done its utmost to stir up trouble between China and some of its neighbors in the South China Sea.


Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida gestures during a press conference at the International Media Center in Hiroshima, Japan on April 11, 2016 after Foreign Ministers meeting of G7 countries visit the Peace Memorial Museum.


Former Philippine president's HK visit marks effort to mend damaged relations

Former Philippine President Fidel Ramos gestures as he speaks to journalists during a trip to Hong Kong,

China after the Hague court's ruling over the maritime dispute in South China Sea, August 9, 2016.


As a special envoy of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Ramos defined the trip as "ice-breaking", after bilateral ties were jeopardized by an arbitration case unilaterally initiated by Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino III.
Topics of three parallel panels in the afternoon session included pragmatic cooperation in promoting development of the China-ASEAN strategic partnership, jointly planning, building and sharing Belt and Road construction, and enhancing people-to-people exchanges in building a China-ASEAN community with a shared future.


Richardson's first visit to China came just days after a July 12 ruling by a Hague-based arbitration tribunal over a case brought by the Philippines on issues regarding territorial disputes with China in the South China Sea.


South China Sea disputes became more heated after 2009.


That said, after a century of national humiliation when China's sovereignty was trampled repeatedly and wantonly, China today is not about to compromise its national rights.


Japan issued the defense paper a day after China's People Liberation Army celebrated its 89th birthday.


To win the respect of these neighbors, Japan first has to squarely face its war history and then show enough maturity to resolve burning regional issues such as the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue and the disputes in the East China Sea, instead of citing one excuse after another to strengthen its defense forces.


Ties between the two countries became deadlocked in 2013 after the previous Philippine government led by Benigno Aquino sought third-party compulsory arbitral proceedings against China.


The white paper, the first after Japan's security legislation went into effect in March, played up the so-called "gray zone" situations, or neither pure peacetime nor contingencies over territory, sovereignty and economic interests.


When, after their meeting in Laos last week, the foreign ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations did not mention in their final statement the ruling in the South China Sea arbitration case initiated by the Philippines, the three countries came up with their own statement chiding China for its claims in the South China Sea.


It's the first country to stand out and support China" after the ruling by the Arbitral Tribunal of The Hague in a case unilaterally brought by the Philippines against China over the South China Sea


For example, visa applications to the Czech Republic from these cities jumped by fivefold from January to June after the country opened more visa centers in China.


The Japanese move came a couple of weeks after a British Royal Navy warship, HMS Albion, sailed close to China's Xisha Islands in the South China Sea in what Britain claimed was a freedom of navigation operation, triggering a strong protest from China for violating its maritime sovereignty.


Observers say the South China Sea situation is now on the right track after three years of chaos, which followed Manila's unilateral initiation of the case that led to the recent ruling by the arbitral tribunal at The Hague.


However, after two decades of fast growth, the developed world, led by the US, had to consider how a fast-growing China could fit inside their shrinking world.


The issue of China's global integration was brought into sharper focus by the financial crisis of 2008 and its aftermath, as Chinese growth in 2009 and 2010 prevented the global economy from slipping into a depression.


Offensive language is written on a Chinese tourist's passport on page 8 and 24 after the tourist handed over her passport to Vietnamese border staff at passport control at Tan Son Nhat International Airport.


On Saturday, a woman surnamed Zhong from Guangzhou, Guangdong province, found that offensive words had been scribbled in her passport after immigration officials handed it back to her at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City.


The visit came amid tensions in the South China Sea after Beijing rejected a July 12 arbitration ruling in a case unilaterally brought by the Philippines over maritime disputes with China.


News releases issued by both sides afterward focused on bilateral cooperation, without directly mentioning the South China Sea issue.


"I feel educated about the issue after seeing the clip, especially about China's standpoint," said Patrick Joyce, a Boston photographer visiting New York.


China and the UK had agreed to actively explore the possibility of discussing a free trade agreement after Brexit, but any act that harms China's core interests will only put a spanner in the works.


The South China Sea disputes, after so much fanfare, seem to be heading toward the right direction of peaceful settlement through bilateral negotiations.


Their trick of confusing right and wrong cannot cover up the fact that the regional bloc rejected the trio's proposal to even mention, in a statement after their foreign ministers' meeting, the award by The Hague arbitral tribunal in the case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines against China, let alone support it.


And it makes the trio's statement seem like a desperate attempt to save face, after their miscalculation and overestimation of their ability to manipulate and pit ASEAN members against China, or one another.


Soon after the arbitration ruling was announced, he said he intended to send former Philippine president Fidel Ramos to China to start negotiations on the South China Sea disputes.


True, Duterte backpedaled from his hardline rhetoric on China even before his inauguration as Philippine president, and after the ruling was announced, he went further to back direct talks with China.


"I will be leaving to the Philippines this afternoon, meeting with President (Rodrigo) Duterte tomorrow, and I would encourage President Duterte to engage in dialogue and in negotiation," he said.


Wang told China Daily on Tuesday night that the three-day meetings were a success, and "the biggest consensus between China and ASEAN this year is to return to the track of resolving disputes through dialogue and consultation" after the arbitration ruling.


Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi attends a press conference after the meeting between Chinese Foreign Minister and the counterparts from 10 ASEAN members in Vientiane, Laos, July 25, 2016.


In a joint statement issued after the meeting between Wang and his counterparts from the ASEAN member countries, China and ASEAN reaffirmed their efforts to promote peace, stability, mutual trust and confidence in the South China Sea.


The communiqu�� issued on Monday after the ASEAN foreign ministers' meeting in Vientiane, Laos, shows the two sides want to work together for regional stability and prosperity.


Actually, 25 years after China established dialogue relationship with ASEAN, the potential for cooperation has never been greater.


The ASEAN communiqu��, as well as a joint statement issued later after a meeting between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts from members of the regional bloc, indicate their relationships are resilient enough to withstand discord and outside interference.


Since then the Sino-Philippine relationship has been on something of a roller-coaster ride, hitting its nadir when the administration of Benigno Aquino III, encouraged by the United States, took a confrontational stance toward Beijing, and only coming back to the normal track after President Rodrigo Duterte took steps to answer Beijing's call to reset the strained ties after he took office in 2016.


"Then, after the ruling was made earlier this month, the Philippines asked ASEAN to repeat what the ruling says.


Observers said the South China Sea situation is now on the right track after three years of chaos, which followed Manila's unilateral initiation of the case that led to the recent ruling by the Arbitral Tribunal at The Hague.


The joint statement was issued after the meeting in the Laotian capital between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his counterparts from the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.


Her visit also came amid tensions in the South China Sea after Beijing rejected a July 12 arbitration ruling in a case unilaterally brought by the Philippines.


Fidel Ramos, the Philippine president from 1992 to 1998 who steered the country through an economic crisis"I have been cleared by my doctors at the Makati Medical Center," the Inquirer website quoted Ramos as saying in Davao City after a two-hour meeting with Duterte at the Marco Polo Hotel in southern Philippines.


The ABS-CBN reported that Ramos will attend the National Security Council meeting on Monday after Duterte's State of the Nation address at the House of Representatives.


6-million-word inquiry report says the Blair government overstated the threat posed by Saddam Hussein, then Iraqi president, took military actions before diplomatic alternatives were exhausted and had "wholly inadequate" plans for the aftermath.


He was appointed after Theresa May replaced David Cameron as British prime minister.


For example, terrorism attacks have occurred one after another.


Pragmatic cooperation

Twenty years after the creation of the ASEM mechanism, regional leaders attending the 11th summit charted a new course for bicontinental cooperation in the next decade through promotion of interconnectivity.


To this end, the premier said he expected the ASEM Economic Ministers' Meeting would resume next year after a decadelong suspension, and called for efforts to speed up the development of an open and inclusive Asia-Europe market.


We discussed them: fighting terrorism, pursuing our trade agenda in order to create jobs, moving ahead after the Brexit vote, tackling climate change and the refugee crisis.


Beijing has urged Manila to "walk out of its wrong path" after the top Philippine diplomat refused China’s proposal to put aside the recent ruling in an arbitration case concerning the South China Sea.


China urged the European Union to "be discreet with its words and actions" and be neutral over the South China Sea issue, after the Council of the European Union voiced the EU's acknowledgement of the South China Sea arbitration ruling.


Speaking at a press conference in London, Liu said the Chinese government immediately reaffirmed its solemn position that China does not accept nor recognize the award, after the so-called tribunal in the South China Sea arbitration unilaterally initiated by the Philippines announced its award last week.


In the case of the Philippines, Macaranas said the country's interest in the BRI needs to be viewed from the perspective of "comprehensive and strategic cooperation" that was formed after Xi's visit.


The US is the second-largest soybean exporter to China after Brazil.


Zhao, who is also former minister of China's State Council Information Office, made the remarks at the media briefing after the Think Tank Seminar on South China Sea and Regional Cooperation and Development held here on Monday.


Sino-US military interactions have become more mature and professional, especially after the signing of rules of behavior for the safety of air and maritime encounters in 2014.


"The release of such reports year after year has harmed the mutual trust, and we ask the United States to abandon the Cold War mindset and adopt an objective and rational attitude toward China's defense and military developments," he said.


In the aftermath of the arbitral ruling presented by The Hague's Arbitral Tribunal of the Permanent Court of Arbitration on July 12, John Anthony Carty, a professor at Tsinghua University, is among a number of international academics and maritime experts who are now questioning the decision's denial of Chinese rights in the South China Sea.


A special panel on the South China Sea arbitration was held on the afternoon of July 16 before the forum concluded.


But even after this arbitration is over, China may still rely on its inherent right of self-defense to keep Philippine vessels out of the disputed waters, Gau said, adding that allowing hostile Philippines vessels to approach is not an option as China regards it as a serious matter of maintaining territorial integrity.


Gau's remarks, in fact, shed light on some inevitable questions in the wake of the July 12 ruling: How to deal with the aftermath of the ruling and how is the ruling going to impact on the international legal system and international relations.


"The release of such reports by the US side year after year has harmed mutual trust and is not in line with the common interests between China and the United States," said Wu.


Even after the absurd arbitration ruling, China retains its faith in a peaceful solution and will welcome direct negotiation.


The two-day event is the first major international forum held after the Arbitral Tribunal appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague ruled on Tuesday in favor of the Philippines in a South China Sea arbitration case it unilaterally filed against China.


Observers noted that Li made the comments after Tokyo publicly pressed Beijing to accept Tuesday's ruling in an arbitration case on the South China Sea dispute that was unilaterally initiated by the Philippines.


China neither accepts nor recognizes it," the ministry said in a statement shortly after the award was announced.


The announcement came after an arbitral tribunal in The Hague issued an award Tuesday on an arbitration case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines against China regarding their disputes in the South China Sea.


"(Duterte said)

we'll start the bilateral talks," Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno told reporters, saying the president made the remarks during a cabinet meeting shortly after the ad hoc tribunal's award on Tuesday.


The event is the first major international forum held after the Arbitral Tribunal appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague on Tuesday ruled in favor of the Philippines in a South China Sea arbitration case unilaterally filed by the island country against China.


Shortly after the announcement, President Xi Jinping reiterated that China is committed to resolving disputes through direct negotiations, but said its national sovereignty and maritime interests will not be influenced under any circumstances by The Hague ruling.


Beijing issued two statements immediately after the ruling at The Hague.


A fisherman transports his catch after a day's work off Yongxing Island in Sansha, Hainan province, in late 2012.


Both planes returned to Haikou in the afternoon.


In response, Cheng says a number of international treaties and conventions signed after World War II have all recognized China's sovereignty over the South China Sea.


The US resolved the disputes with Nicaragua through dialogue afterward, as the UK and Mauritius are doing now, says Cheng, a seasoned counsel and arbitrator who has been involved in many international arbitration cases.


When the Chinese government recovered Taiping Island after World War II, it found six freshwater wells and lush plants.


Nanhai Zhudao have been widely recognized as part of China's territory by the international community after the end of the Second World War.


In the aftermath of the arbitral tribunal's ruling on the Philippines' appeal against China in the South China Sea dispute, the US, Japan, some European Union countries and many maritime nations in Southeast Asia will question and deny the legitimacy of China's claims of sovereignty, maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea.


His stay in power could be a good omen for China-Australia ties, which gathered robust momentum after their historic free trade deal came into effect at the end of last year.


The United States is caught up in the four-yearly trap of presidential elections, with presumptive Republican and Democratic candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton locked in a not-so-healthy debate even as the country wrestles with the ghost of racism in the aftermath of the killings of black civilians by white police officers.


In response, Cheng said a number of international treaties and conventions signed after World War II have all recognized China's sovereignty over the South China Sea.


Together with two young Chinese, the then-25-year-old Zhong Siyao founded the company in 2016 after graduating from Keio University and working at a large Japanese company.


Shortly after this Incident happened, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs made clear through its spokesperson, referring to the relevant islands of Nansha Qundao, that "no other people but Chinese fishermen live on the islands and they are recognized internationally as Chinese territory".


Subsequently, the Chinese government renamed four islands of Xisha Qundao and Nansha Qundao after the names of those four warships.


So it is unrealistic to assume everything will be fine after the issue of trade deficit is resolved.


In 1979, after winning the war, Hanoi adopted the South Vietnamese stance.


Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai talks about China's stance on the South China Sea issue on Tuesday afternoon at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington following the ruling in the morning by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague in a case brought by the Philippines against China regarding the South China Sea dispute.


He made the remarks in a speech in Washington on Tuesday afternoon following the ruling announced in the morning by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague in a case brought by the Philippines against China regarding disputes in the South China Sea.


His speech came after the Chinese government and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs respectively issued statements on China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea and on the award by the arbitration tribunal.


The five-chapter whitepaper was released after that the Arbitral Tribunal, appointed by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague, announced on Tuesday that China has no "historic title" over the South China Sea.


Following is the full text of the Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China regarding the Award of the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea Arbitration Established at the Request of the Republic of the Philippines issued on Tuesday

With regard to the award rendered on July 12 by the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea arbitration, established at the unilateral request of the Republic of the Philippines (hereinafter referred to as the "Arbitral Tribunal"), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China solemnly declares that the award is null and void and has no binding force.


Beijing issued two statements immediately after the arbitration ruling was announced.


The real disputes in the Arbitration are territorial dispute and maritime delimitation

There are solid legal bases for China’s sovereignty over the Dongsha Islands, Xisha Islands, Zhongsha Islands and Nansha Islands in the South China Sea (hereinafter collectively referred to as the SCS Islands) and the adjacent waters.


The government statement, issued after a ruling by an arbitral tribunal in the unilaterally-initiated case on the South China Sea, pointed out that China is ready to continue to resolve disputes peacefully through negotiation and consultation "with the states directly concerned on the basis of respecting historical facts and in accordance with international law".
 

China does not accept any third party trying to impose a settlement or any solution forced on China, the Foreign Ministry said in a statement issued on Tuesday after a ruling, technically described as an award, by an arbitral tribunal in the unilaterally-initiated case on the South China Sea.


Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China on the Award of 12 July 2016 of the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea Arbitration Established at the Request of the Republic of the Philippines With regard to the award rendered on 12 July 2016 by the Arbitral Tribunal in the South China Sea arbitration established at the unilateral request of the Republic of the Philippines (hereinafter referred to as the "Arbitral Tribunal")

, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China solemnly declares that the award is null and void and has no binding force.


Yet even after those amendments, the great power's legislature prioritizes protectionist sentiment over respect for global rule of law," Beech pointed out in her article.


China neither accepts nor recognizes it," the ministry said in a statement shortly after the publication of the award.


Japan owes its rapid economic development in the initial decades after World War II partly to its promise of peace.


However, after Tillerson and McMaster were forced to leave, Mattis has been lonely and sadly sidelined.


She was speaking on Wednesday after the US air force confirmed that two B52 bombers conducted exercises near China’s Nansha Islands, and Washington is reportedly considering sending an aircraft carrier battle group through the Taiwan Straits.


Being marked by Li's visit, bilateral ties are now back on the right track after the ups and downs of the past.


But his story, which can be fully told only by drawing on the imagination, still intrigues, even after 1,500 years.


That was more than half a millennium after the initial opening of the terrestrial Silk Road, by a man named Zhang Qian, between 139 BC and 126 BC.


The news came less than a month after the US sent the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt to the South China Sea.


Besides, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "informal" summit with President Xi in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, last month signaled the warming up of Sino-Indian relations after the border standoff at Donglang (Doklam) last year.


China’s achievements in neighborhood diplomacy reflect that China has an extended ascent toward, what Carl von Clausewitz described as, the “culminating point of victory”, the moment in a battle that an attacking force, after having achieved success, has to halt its advance and consolidate its gains.


The miracle of Japan's economic revival after World War II has also had a great impact on China's economic development.


In the years following the normalization of bilateral ties, especially after the signing of the China-Japan Treaty of Peace and Friendship in 1978, both sides experienced friendly and mutually beneficial relations.


Premier Li Keqiang's ongoing visit to Indonesia is his first international trip after China's new Cabinet took office in March.


Title Trump will realize folly after tasting bitter fruit of the seed he has sown
On Friday, the Ministry of National Defense expressed strong indignation and issued a stern warning after a US warship entered the waters around Chinese islands and reefs in the South China Sea.
 

On Friday, the Ministry of National Defense expressed strong indignation and issued a stern warning after a US warship entered the waters around Chinese islands and reefs in the South China Sea.


The guided missile destroyer USS Mustin was warned away after it entered Chinese waters around China's Nasha Islands without permission.


Sino-Philippine ties soured amid maritime disputes in the South China Sea, but began improving after Duterte became president in June 2016.


The PLA air force recently conducted a combat air patrol in the South China Sea and conducted training exercises after passing over the Bashi Channel and Miyako Strait.


And China and the ASEAN countries held the first consultation on the text of a Code of Conduct for the waters a few days ago after endorsing the framework for the code of behavior last year.


China now ranks third in attracting foreign students after the United States and the United Kingdom, with 11 percent growth in 2016 over 2015.


"With the objective of maintaining and promoting peace and stability in the region, both sides discussed ways to manage and prevent incidents at sea, promote dialogue and cooperation on maritime issues, and enhance mutual trust and confidence," said a statement issued after the one-day meeting, adding they "had a positive, fruitful and productive meeting.


What China did in the dispute in the East China and South China Seas was to implement a defense strategy of settlement through peaceful negotiations between parties directly concerned and it will attack only after being attacked.


US President Donald Trump, accompanied by US Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, left, walks up the steps into the Pentagon after making a statement in Washington, DC on on  Jan 18, 2018.


US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis' weeklong trip to Asia has caught global attention as it comes just two days after the Pentagon revealed its national defense strategy on Friday.


The two sides issued the call in a joint communique released after Chinese Premier Li Keqiang concluded an official visit to Cambodia.


Now, after October, it’s already 800 thousand, and the goal is to make it 1 million, perhaps by Chinese New Year, we can achieve this.


Editor's Note:

Chinese director Feng Xiaogang's latest film Youth, which partly reflects on the China-Vietnam war of 1979, has earned high ratings after being released earlier this month following a two-month delay.


The delay sparked a debate on China-Vietnam ties nearly four decades after the border war.


In Monday's meeting, ASEAN countries responded positively to the start of negotiations, according to a Chinese news release after the meeting.


Just hours after US President Donald Trump recommended himself to his Vietnamese host as "a very good mediator and arbitrator" for the South China Sea disputes, Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, and his Vietnamese counterpart reached a consensus on appropriately managing the two neighbors’ maritime disputes.


Noting that it is his second state visit to Vietnam, after the first in 2015, Xi expressed gratitude for the warm, considerate reception from the Vietnamese party, government and people.


Trong said that the fact that it is Xi's first trip overseas after the congress shows the high level of attention of the CPC and Xi to advancing Vietnam-China relations.


"We are taking measures to implement the (United Nations Security Council) sanctions, although obviously many of the sanctions would be implemented with a high cost for China itself, because we are the DPRK's (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) neighbor.


And fourth, ASEAN wants assurances from both China and the US that it will not be used for their proxy rivalry, because as an association it is vulnerable to such designs.


So before he does so, he should be advised to rethink the US practice, also because it appears increasingly untenable.


The Donald Trump administration is continuing that practice, perhaps because it perceives the so-called freedom of navigation operations as a major US strategy to check China's influence in the region.


Are these journalists trying to prevent the US Navy from thoroughly investigating the accidents because they fear that it would reveal the dirty truths.


"Individual persons in the Philippines laid indiscreet accusations towards China only because they attempted to stir up tension between China and the Philippines," Hua said in response at a daily news conference in Beijing.


The US president himself may not have liked it because Bannon's confession that there is "no military solution" to the Korean Peninsula crisis compromised Donald Trump's verbal claim that the US would release "fire and fury" against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.


Wars occur not because of a certain cycle but because of expansionist greed for capital and resources.


In regard to the South China Sea situation, Cayetano said, "All the positive sides China has given to the relationship with ASEAN will not be disturbed" because of disputes there.


In regard to the South China Sea situation, Cayetano said "all the positive sides China has given to the relationship with ASEAN will not be disturbed" because of the disputes there.


"This is especially relevant to Cambodia because we are a small country.


Many nations are hesitant to participate in the ISDS framework because a third-party’s ability to order the state itself to pay large sums of money—which is understandably disconcerting for less familiar and stable nations.


All because freedom of navigation has never been an issue in those waters.


Using "freedom of navigation operation" as an excuse appears particularly ridiculous as the once tense situation there has conspicuously defused because countries in the region have agreed to resolve their maritime disputes with China through dialogue.


And such voyages no longer raise eyebrows exactly because they are increasingly like a ceremonial, symbolic formality.


International relations experts more or less agree that while Barack Obama was the US president there was strategic mutual distrust between China and the United States largely because of the latter's strategic "pivot" to Asia strategy, which was actually intended at containing China's rise.


Many Chinese still cannot understand why the "China threat" theory has been hyped from time to time in Australia, because being thousands of miles away from Australia, China cannot possibly pose any direct threat to the country.


But compared with the high standards of some other countries' navies, China's general naval strength is not that satisfactory, because its aircraft, submarine and other vessels are not yet a cohesive force.


Such concerns are exaggerated, because without safeguarding national security a country cannot improve its citizens' lives.


We should realize that China still faces maritime threats such as contradictions, frictions, even the threat of war because of the disputes over sovereignty and jurisdiction of islands and reefs, marine resources and strategic sea lanes.


A country poses a threat to other countries because of its national defense policy and strategy, not its military power.


In the past, military exchanges were the vulnerable aspect of China-US relations, because they were often the first to be cut off when bilateral relations soured.


"I tend to think we are not gonna go to a trade war, because an American trade war with China will also be a trade war with all the suppliers to China, who are friendly with us and have good economic relations (with us)," he told Xinhua.


He proposed separating the strategic track and economic track because the S&ED has become less efficient as it has grown too big and too bureaucratic to get things done.


It will definitely worsen relations between Beijing and Tokyo, which are already tense because of the Shinzo Abe administration's refusal to face up squarely to history and its previous provocative actions.


But while China acts, it is continually told it should do this and that just because it is not a democracy of a style preferred by others.


Protests were organized after Lotte Group, a business conglomerate headquartered in South Korea, accepted a plot of land in exchange for its Skyhill Golf Course in Seongju where the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system will be deployed, a move that China strongly opposes because it will destabilize the strategic balance in East Asia in favor of the United States.


Which is shocking because both the US and the ROK know that the move will raise tensions on the already tense Korean Peninsula and worsen China's security environment.


Fu said there is no need for other countries to take caution against China's defense measures because the nation has never caused any harm to others.


It should be soothing news to the US, too, because despite his harsh, sometimes hostile, comments against its superpower ally, the Philippines remains open to US' military presence in the region and committed to their bilateral defense agreements.


However, I think this is very unwise because it will cast a shadow over China-US relations.


Even though the encirclement is created, it could not possibly work because it is like standing in the way of an elephant using a piece of string.


The US defense secretary's remarks of resolving the South China Sea disputes through diplomacy should be encouraged because "flexing military muscles will do no good" to the resolution of disputes


The Singaporean vehicles were impounded by customs on Nov 23 because there was a suspected breach of Hong Kong law


The reason that Duterte distanced his country from the US alliance is because he is fully aware of the negative impact the US' strategic pivot to Asia

has had on regional peace and stability.


While some of us can wait for another 10, 20 or 50 years to resolve a territorial dispute that has existed for decades, many Filipinos still suffer in poverty because of the lack of resources and opportunities in our country," he said.


But the arbitration later proved to be a farce because of China's effective counter-measures.


But Obama has been beating around the concept, possibly because he doesn't want Washington's allies in Asia to believe the US has accepted China as an equal.


"A strong navy and a strong air force are crucial to safeguarding China's sovereignty in the South China Sea" because a mighty military is a deterrence,

Zhou Yongsheng, a professor of international relations at China Foreign Affairs University, told the audience at the ceremony on Thursday.


Most critically, because China must deepen its reforms to achieve its oft-promised goal of a “moderately prosperous society” by 2020, the resistance of entrenched interest groups must be overcome.


Trade and economic frictions are expected to increase, though, because being a businessman, Trump has his own ideas about trade and during his election campaign, he vowed to act tough on China.


It only lays bare the hypocrisy of the US and its allies because they have either helped create or provoked the maritime disputes in the waters themselves.


His military policy, however, remains uncertain because he did not talk much about it during the election campaign.


They hope that an anti-China alliance could be forged between the world's second most populous nation and third-largest economy, because of China's longstanding territorial dispute with India and its spat with Japan over the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.


The US ship entered the Xisha Islands waters at a time when Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte was paying a state visit to China, which most observers believed would improve Beijing-Manila relations, especially because the two sides announced they would resolve their dispute in the South China Sea through peaceful dialogue.


The last few months of the Obama administration should not be marked by heightened tensions between Beijing and Washington in the South China Sea, because that can harm bilateral ties.


He wants diplomatic independence, because that is in his country's best interests.


Tokyo and Washington do not have to worry too much about Duterte's "realignment" statements, because he is only seeking to maximize his country's gains from the turbulence.


Sanders' democratic socialism proved immensely popular, precisely because it resonates with those who are deeply disappointed by the malfunctions of American democracy.


Their narrow-mindedness leads them to think Manila is backing down from its South China Sea position and distancing itself from Washington and its security alliance with the US because it wants economic benefits from Beijing.


It comes at a time when China-Philippines ties have nosedived to a historical low because of the farcical South China Sea arbitration case brought by Duterte's predecessor Benigno Aquino III against China.


"We take away war or violence, because that is not a good option.


"I talked about the CUES quite a bit because it's such a great example of how we can manage our way towards dispute resolution without creating problems, particularly conflict," he said, adding that it was "very successful.


And that was made possible because Chinese leaders have adhered to the doctrine of "concentration on construction and development" for four decades.


This is worrying, because "not marching forward means sliding backward" for the fragile relationship, as President Xi Jinping put it.


In recent years, Sino-Japanese relations have suffered one setback after another because of certain factors.


Compared with the US, China's policy of non-interference in other countries' internal affairs could also be a reason behind Duterte's stance, especially because Aquino III's policy of allowing Washington to use Manila as a chess piece in its "pivot to Asia" strategy has created a sense of insecurity in the Philippines.


However, those who harbored such feelings were disappointed because the leaders of China and ASEAN member states vowed to ease tensions in the South China Sea and deepen their cooperation.


Asian countries should cherish the hard-won peaceful environment in the region, because it has been the basis of their economic development and social progress in recent years.


We had every reason to anticipate louder, harsher Japan-bashing on Sunday, because the 85th anniversary of such a date of shame coincided with an obvious nadir of bilateral ties.


Goldstein thought Friedberg, who served from 2003 to 2005 as deputy assistant for national security affairs in the office of Vice-President Dick Cheney, was useful to him because he was good at asking the big and fundamental questions.


EP-3 crisis helped him land the job because the school needed more China experts.


The report's claim that China will suffer more losses than the US also sounds unconvincing, because even a poorly armed Chinese military has almost always ended up defeating a more powerful enemy.


The "Golden Era" is not an empty slogan because there have been many concrete "golden fruits".


In this context, Ramos' recent visit to Hong Kong made sense because a high-profile Philippine leader's visit to the mainland at this stage could unnerve the US and Japan and thus could backfire.


Although the Chinese companies can appeal against the move in a week, they are not likely to succeed in leasing Ausgrid because the Australian federal government can use "national security" again to veto their bid, as it had done to the SGCC bid for Transgrid in the same state in November.


Some security analysts have even alleged that a Chinese-controlled Ausgrid could be shut down because of cyberattacks, and their views have been widely reported by the Western media.


And it was the most competitive bidder for Ausgrid because of its efficient management and service capacity.


Instead, the analysts abandoned rational thinking to connect a Chinese world-class company's project in Australia with a hacker attack in Ukraine－purportedly by Russia-linked hackers－which US officials called a nightmare scenario because of their selfish interests.


Northern Territory Chief Minister Adam Giles said the criticisms are aimed at instilling fear among Australians against China, especially because the Chinese company "has submitted a full application to the Foreign Investment Review Board of Australia regarding its desire.


But China-Vietnam relations also face challenges, for instance, because of the unilateral and protectionist policies of some countries, which have created uncertainties worldwide.


"These soldiers don't want to fight but are eager to win because they can then go home," Wu says.


Sovereignty and core interests

While the ruling did not determine sovereignty - because the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea cannot rule on sovereignty - it did seek to adjudicate territorial and economic zones from maritime features such as islands, rocks and reefs.


Sovereignty and core interests

While the ruling did not determine sovereignty - because the UN Law of the Sea cannot rule on sovereignty - it did seek to adjudicate territorial and economic zones from maritime features such as islands, rocks and reefs.


"It is our territory not because we are closer to it," he continued.


How could it be possible for us to divide them by distance and give them to you because you are closer to them.


We are eligible to set them on our own reef, because we have the right to fully dominate the reef.


First, China is not an 'emerging power' because China is a big country with a 5,000-year civilization.


The judicial interpretation marks a giant step forward because it puts all these together and makes the procedures clear.


But judicial measures are needed as well, because strict legal procedures will dispel accusations that China is acting unlawfully.


And this time, it is not because of China's protest but

because Filipinos are questioning why such a huge amount was spent on the arbitration.


The questions have drawn the attention of the international community, too, because $30 million is not a small amount for the Philippines or any other country.


Was the ruling delivered in Manila's favor because it paid millions of dollars to the arbitrators.


Zhong, who was on a personal visit to Vietnam, did not respond immediately at the airport because she cannot speak Vietnamese, but she later told China National Radio that she felt insulted and was "very disappointed at the personal qualities of Vietnamese officials".


Any suggestion that China should accept the arbitration ruling first then negotiate will run into a stonewall because it is in direct contradiction to China's stance of neither participating in, nor accepting the arbitration, and neither recognizing, nor honoring the ruling.


China refused to participate and accept this kind of arbitration because of lack of precedents like this in the world.


The US has been sending its gun boats and carriers into the South China Sea to enforce the so-called freedom of navigation in the South China Sea because it wants to blackmail China to accept the ruling.


Liu said it cannot be accepted because the tribunal that made the ruling has no rights to decide on issues relating to sovereignty; the award did not follow the procedure of bilateral negotiation first; and the ruling did not exercise a procedure that is equitable and reasonable.


Secondly, because bilateral channels of negotiation comes before arbitration in the dispute settlement mechanism of the Convention, and China and the Philippines have not yet had bilateral negotiations, it is against the standard procedure for the tribunal to intervene, Liu said.


However, the Philippines should not use the arbitral ruling as a bargain chip during the negotiation because China will never accept it, he said.


Closer and smoother coordination between their military forces will put them in a better position to respond to potential threats and even a crisis in the region, which is unsettled because of territorial disputes and the tensions relating to the Korean Peninsula.


Such protests have much to do with the tense relationship between China and the US because of Washington's interference in the South China Sea disputes.


But whether the British soldiers who committed crimes in Iraq will stand trial at home or in the ICC remains unclear, because the ICC only plays a supplementary role in Britain's domestic criminal jurisdiction.


He urged the Philippines to consider with regard to its so-called allies that "superpowers come and go, but neighbors are more important because you have to live with them in the region".


Military exercises are expensive, Zhao says, adding that China doesn't want to conduct such large-scale military drills and has authorized them only because of continuous provocations from the US, Japan and countries in the South China Sea region.


Military exercises are expensive, Zhao said, and China doesn't want to conduct such large-scale military drills and has authorized them only because of continuous provocations from the US, Japan and other countries in the South China Sea region.


He urged the Philippines to consider with regard to its so-called allies that "super powers come and go, but neighbors are more important because you have to live with them in the region.


He hoped no country will take the ruling seriously and make further claims based on the decision because China regards it as illegal.


He urged the Philippines over the role of the so-called allies as "super powers come and go, but neighbors are more important because you have to live with them in the region.


There is no denying, however, that the online call to boycott Philippine and US goods is related to the arbitration case because those two countries were behind the move on the South China Sea issue.


The boycott call is reminiscent of the mass protests in 2012, when China-Japan relations soured because of their dispute over Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.


The Philippines should not rely on the United States to resolve South China Sea disputes because it will go not to war with China over the issue, a renowned Singaporean scholar said on Monday.


Not only because of its domestic policies, but also its resources," he said on the sidelines of a think tank seminar on the South China Sea held in Singapore.


Zheng called on the US to stop meddling in the maritime disputes because its interference has made the situation more complicated.


"They will not undertake actions in near future, because this award is actually unhelpful to their claim (all land features are rocks with no entitlement of 200 nautical miles)," she told China Daily by e-mail before the seminar.


They exaggerate the South China Sea issue just because they have other political calculations.


"Unfortunately, because of what is happening in the South China Sea, there is reason to be concerned about the current state of this relationship.


The IS has now become the most complicated foe for the US, not only because of its military success in the region, but also because its ideological appeal extends far beyond the borders of Iraq and Syria.


Still, many argue the US does need to be tough with China, because China has taken advantage of the US by violating World Trade Organization rules and stealing its technologies.


Which means incidents and policies can sometimes disrupt the trend of China-US cooperation but never stop it, because the driving force of common interests does not change.


So we have even more confidence about the future of Europe because we know that the UK and Europe will find new forms of cooperation to improve economic development.


Its role becomes more valuable and extremely important because of the Korean anti-missile deployment and the South China Sea disputes.


He said Japan should be clear about the history of the South China Sea issue because the Chinese islands were taken by Japan during World War II and were returned to China after Japan's surrender.


This is particularly ridiculous when it comes to the United States, because it does not adhere to a large number of international treaties.


The ruling's stillbirth was predestined, not just because of Beijing's stance of no participation and no acceptance, which it stated from the very beginning, and which it reiterated on July 12 after the ruling was announced.


To continue to maintain that momentum in bilateral interactions, Turnbull needs to be politically pragmatic and flexible, especially because the South China Sea issue has put him to immediate test.


In the South China Sea issue, the wise choice for Australia would be to stay neutral because the sea, thanks to the US' meddling, has become increasingly volatile.


But because of the maneuverings and instigations of non-regional powers, the administration of former Philippine president Benigno Aquino III used public tools to make unlawful gains.


Besides the discussion on the South China Sea, the meeting was important because it was the first between the two leaders after Vietnam's key Party conference elected the new leadership.


The public at large is usually more familiar with the International Court of Justice than with the Permanent Court of Arbitration, partly because of the closed nature of cases handled by the PCA and also the small number of cases dealt with between 1946 and 1990.


This is because as far as sovereignty is concerned, the tribunal has not been designed to settle disputes.


In its second annual Top Tech Cities in the World ranking report released in November, Expert Market, a business resources company, gave the Zhongguancun tech hub top spot because of its favorable climate for early-stage funding and Beijing's affordable cost of living.


But many in the US have mistaken China's political stability and growing military as a threat because of their Cold War mindset and thus resorted to measures to contain China's rise.


It is doing so mainly because it feels China's strategic orientation doesn't conform to its expectations.


Also, the US need not worry about a "Beijing consensus" replacing the "Washington consensus", because once countries start building a community of shared interests, globalization, multi-polarity, and pluralism will become the dominant trend.


The reason that the panel dared to continue its existence and make the ruling, and challenge the territorial integrity of China, a permanent member of the UN Security Council, despite China’s repeated announcement of its position of non-participating and non-accepting its ruling, is because it served the strategic interests of the United States in the region.


There is enough reason for China to do so, because the ruling, along with the arbitration, is null and void and thus not binding.


As such, the tribunal's ruling will have no impact on China, because the country's decision to not accept or implement it is in line with UNCLOS, which should be respected by one and all.


Safeguarding sovereignty does not mean using force, because peace, stability and development are the "main themes" of the South China Sea.


But there is no moral high ground to claim here, because the ruling is inherently biased, unjust, and thus not executable.


The ruling's stillbirth was predestined, not just because of Beijing's stance of no participation and no acceptance, which it stated from the very beginning, and which it reiterated on Tuesday after the ruling was announced.


But, more importantly, because Beijing is correct in claiming that it is safeguarding international law by basing its position in strict accordance with international law and on solid jurisprudential foundations.


The term “eventually” clearly indicates that negotiation is the only means chosen by the two States for resolving their disputes, and that other means including compulsory arbitration have been excluded, because “the absence of an express exclusion of any procedure is not decisive” for States to exercise the rights to exclude further procedures by their agreement (the Southern Bluefin Tuna arbitration, Award on Jurisdiction and Admissibility, para.


This is particularly ridiculous when it comes to the United States because it does not adhere to a large number of international treaties.
Juan Carlos Capunay Chavez, Peruvian ambassador to China --

The base and beginning of any dialogue or negotiation is the bilateral dialogue, because definitely when you go through some bilateral negotiation there are many details the court does not know, which is not part of the problem.


In the arbitration on the South China Sea, the tribunal held that the Philippines' "pretending" claims only refer to the interpretation of UNCLOS, only because the exempted issue of maritime demarcation was not literally included in the Philippines' claims.


Beijing has to stick to its stance of not acknowledging or accepting, let alone implementing, the arbitral tribunal's ruling, simply because it will be illegal and thus null, and void.


Beijing should not only keep a close eye on countries that put military pressure on it to accept the arbitral tribunal's ruling, but also take measures to challenge the tribunal because it has exceeded and abused its powers by dealing with a case it has no jurisdiction over.


China and the US, on their parts, should exercise restraint and seek ways to reach a compromise on the South China Sea issue, because it does not define their bilateral ties.


What Secretary Mattis would say is not known, but what the Chinese hosts would reply is highly predictable just because China’s

positions on all these issues have been consistent and persistent.


Exploring new channels of mutual benefit Enhancing pragmatic and functional cooperation can also be seen as one type of CBM, because it will help promote trust and confidence.


All these efforts and initiatives should be encouraged and given more support, because these are quite positive factors for maintaining regional maritime security.


Now the need for China is to continue working for peninsula peace, and making efforts to restore complete economic cooperation with the DPRK, which suffered because of the tensions on the peninsula.


Besides, Japan maintains strong vigilance against China because of the latter's growing economic and military buildup.


Non-regional powers are opposed to the establishment of a free trade zone between China, Japan and the Republic of Korea precisely because it will undercut their influence in East Asia.


Some countries, especially in the Middle East, are encountering chaos because of civil wars, political upheavals and other reasons, and the number of refugees has crossed 70 million.


We should make them sustainable because it is our goal to have cooperation for peace, stability and development.


"We are part of the BRI, because there are areas of cooperation beneficial not only to China, but also to the Philippines and Southeast Asia.


In another Year of the Dog 120 years ago, when China was poor and weak because of domestic turmoil and foreign aggression, a group of patriotic Chinese pushed for a "Hundred Days' Reform".


So, because of this, we see that there are broad areas of possible cooperation that we can pursue.


The key point, however, the key emphasis is on connectivity, because this is where we see particular areas of interest.


Because it helps connectivity, because it helps in promoting bilateral relations, it also helps in giving concrete expression to the Belt and Road Initiative.


One, because of our geography, and second because we have to first deal with our neighborhood.


And so, I think, the Philippines, for historical and cultural reasons in the past, have tended to be close to Spain, because Spain colonized us for centuries, for the U.


And because it is the 600th anniversary this year, it has become one of the points of interest, in terms of developing tourism, and people to people relationships, and sound Philippine historians as well as Chinese historians have been researching this topic.


And, trying to figure out what lessons we can learn from the Chinese experience that would be useful in alleviating poverty in the Philippines, because this is one of the key challenges facing the current administration.


The South China Sea disputes, which involve China and some ASEAN members, have existed for decades, but approached boiling point last year because of the instigations by some countries outside the region, particularly the United States and Japan, to create divisions within the bloc and with China.

After months of unease in their relations, the timing alone－before Lee's planned visit to the United States and the Communist Party of China's upcoming national congress－has bestowed Lee's visit with unusual symbolism, with many reading it as Singapore "repositioning" itself and recalibrating its strategic compass.


After Trump took office, the US has conducted three such operations.


After all, Sirivudh is the founder of the Cambodian Institute for Cooperation and Peace, and the chairman of the think tank's board of directors.


After all, without accommodating each other's core interests and major concerns, the foundations for nation-to-nation ties will be anything but solid.


After the collapse of U.
After 2003, however, an international multilateral settlement mechanism was formed, with China as the main mediator.


After the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement, the Korean Peninsula remained divided along the 38th parallel north between the ROK in the south and the DPRK in the north.


After President Bill Clinton came into office in 1993 and the age of confrontation between the U.


After the signing of the U.


After Secretary Albright returned home, the U.


After Secretary Powell's visit, China sent an envoy to North Korea in the spring of 2003 to consult on the possibility of such talks.


After repeated and hard persuasion, China managed to keep the North Korean delegation involved in the talks.


After lengthy meetings with senior of.


After paying a visit to the Chinese warship docked in his hometown of Davao City, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said he is open to the idea of conducting joint military exercises with China.


After the said reform, the new organizational system of military courts includes the PLA Military Court (at the level of higher court), the Military Court of the East Combat Zone of the PLA, the Military Court of the South Combat Zone of the PLA, the Military Court of the North Combat Zone of the PLA, the

No.


Q:

After his victory on last December's presidential election, Trump had a telephone conversation with Taiwan leader Tsai Ing-wen

and he later posted a tweet, calling Tsai as "president of Taiwan," triggering wide public discussion and implying that he might be about to re-consider the longstanding"One-China" Policy.


Expectations should remain realistic After years of frostiness in bilateral relations, a positive momentum emerged last year as both China and Japan realized they needed each other for economic growth.


After Trump's challenge to the long-standing One China policy, some former US officials and scholars on Taiwan also criticized Trump's ignorance.


After President Obama's visit to Beijing and the G20 Hangzhou Summit, the two countries have strengthened strategic communication, built mutual trust and dispersed doubts, thus ensuring a sound development of ties.


After the South China Sea arbitration case unilaterally filed by the Philippines, exchanges in many areas were halted until Duterte's visit to China.


After years of estrangement, the bad blood between Beijing and Manila has finally begun to give place to good faith, as Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte embarks on an ice-breaking trip to China on Tuesday.


After an arbitral tribunal in The Hague ruled in favor of the Philippines in its dispute with China over the South China Sea in July, some vested interests thought the East Asia Summit meetings in Laos could be a perfect occasion to drum up anti-China sentiments again.


After all, the two countries' leaders just met on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Hangzhou, affirming common aspiration for a thaw in ties.


After their meeting, the two countries signed nine agreements to boost cooperation in such fields as production capacity, infrastructure, education, cross-border trade and climate change.


After the summit, he will visit Laos - the first visit to the country by a US president - where he will attend the US-ASEAN Summit and the East Asia Summit before winding up his Asian trip.


After the Tansgrid farce, Australia rejected Chinese consortiums' bid to purchase two pastures early this year.

After all the recent hoopla over the disputes in the South China Sea, an obvious priority for the region has been de-escalating tensions and finding ways to prevent or manage potential crises.


After speaking with Peng, I reflected on what he had said.


Personal reflections After speaking with Major General Peng

, I reflected on what he said.


After all, there are many far more important issues than the South China Sea disputes that call for immediate action and closer collaboration, such as poverty, smuggling and terrorism.


After the tribunal released its so-called award, the Chinese government issued the Statement on China's Territorial Sovereignty and Maritime Rights and Interests in the South China Sea, and the Chinese Foreign Ministry also issued a statement on the award.


“After the arbitration case, the new Filipino government has to seek balance among the opposition, pressure from the US and Japan and the public view," Xu said.


After China launched its reform and opening-up more than three decades ago, large numbers of foreign enterprises invested in the country and thus helped boost its economic growth and create jobs for the local people.


After the so-called award of the South China Sea arbitration was announced, the Chinese government made a solemn statement, expounding China's non-acceptance and non-recognition of the so-called award on the basis of its long-standing position of non-acceptance and non-participation in the Philippines South China Sea arbitration.


After the terrorist attack in Nice on Thursday, the latest in a series of violent attacks by extremists in the country, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said France must now live with terrorism, which has become an increasingly serious threat to western European countries as the Islamic State group loses ground in the Middle East and urges its supporters in Europe to attack where they are.


After meetings in Beijing, Richardson will also visit Qingdao, Shandong province, to see the navy's submarine academy and tour China's first aircraft carrier, the Liaoning.


After the end of the Second World War, China recovered and resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao which were invaded and illegally occupied by Japan during its war of aggression against China.


After the end of the Second World War, China recovered and resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao.


After all, economic interdependence has built a global community of shared interests, and there can be no winner in a trade or any other war.


After assuming the UN Security Council presidency for one month, Japan is once again trying to internationalize the South China Sea issue in the world body.


Harunobu Kato, a professor of law at Musashino University and a NHK commentator After Japan and China signed the Treaty of Peace and Friendship in 1978, former leader Deng Xiaoping addressed a news conference at a Japanese press club.


After the end of the Cold War, the US tightened its political grip on Japan and tried to convince Japan to see China as an "imaginary enemy", in order to stop Tokyo from becoming self-reliant.


After all, regional development and stability cannot be endowed by others; it can only be achieved through the mutual efforts of countries in the region.


After Donald Trump won the US presidential election in 2016, a trade war between the world's largest and second-largest economies seemed likely.


After the talks, the two heads of state witnessed the signing of a cooperation plan on jointly promoting the Belt and Road Initiative and other bilateral cooperation documents.


Afterwards he will pay a state visit to the country.


However, China-Singapore relations are resilient and they are able to weather such vicissitudes, in part due to the special thread of kinship between them－the majority of Singaporeans being of Chinese origin, a bond that determines a natural closeness.


Currently the situation in the South China Sea has been stabilized and cooled down due to the joint efforts of China and regional countries, Hua said.


Saudi state media said that came in part due to an intercession by Qatari royal family member Sheikh Abdullah al Thani, who met with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and later a vacationing King Salman in Morocco.


Due to limited funds and technology, Manila had hired European companies to explore resources in the South China Sea, and the companies took most of the profits.


Geng said the South China Sea situation has been stabilizing due to the joint efforts of China and ASEAN countries.


But due to various reasons, it has so far failed to draw a similar baseline for the Nansha Islands, leaving space for disputes with other littoral countries.


China's decision to join the Paris Agreement, as well as its actions to implement the landmark environmental pact signed by 195 countries, has shown that it intends to abide by its due responsibilities as a key member of the international community.


But due to drastic changes in Global Order and emergence of China as the largest trading nation in the last 30 years made GCC countries to move closer to China.


Defence ties and Regional security

: The military and defence relations between China and Iran dates to 1980’s but co-operation saw downfall due to nuclear sanctions.


included, to take their due responsibilities and make the necessary compromises.


Secretary Powell's visit to China followed the second Korean nuclear crisis, which was largely due to the fact that the U.
agreed to lead an international consortium to oversee and finance the construction of two 1,000-megawatt light water reactors with a total value of $4 billion, and to compensate the DPRK for the energy foregone due to the freeze of the graphite-moderated

re-

actors by providing 500,000 tons of heavy fuel oil annually.


Despite the worry about a possible showdown between the top two economies due to the US complaints about its trade deficits with China, Douglas Paal, vice president for studies and director of Asia Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, was somewhat optimistic that such scenario would not become a reality.


This is an urgent matter for the Trump administration to deal with, but not as urgent as demanding for an immediate solution due to its complexity, Paal said.


He noted that currently there is a "relative tranquility" in the region, largely due to two reasons: First, China made big advances in the past two years with its construction activities and it is time "to digest, to consume" the advances.


The 249-meter vessel is due to make stops in Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka before participating in a joint naval exercise with Indian and US naval vessels in the Indian Ocean in July.


About the same time as Tillerson's visit to Beijing, China's Vice-Premier Wang Yang is due to meet Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Manila.


Yet, in some ways, this may also be due to a stronger greenback.


Besides, global security governance has suffered a setback due to major countries expanding their defense budgets and attaching increasing importance to traditional security.


China has actively pushed for peaceful solutions to hotspot issues such as the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula and the Afghanistan issue, and played its due role as a responsible major country.


Prospects

A major country should have a befitting presence and take on its due responsibilities.


A few hours after Duterte's speech, his top economic policymakers released a statement saying that, while Asian economic integration was "long overdue", that did not mean the Philippines was turning its back on the West.


Title Duterte's visit presents overdue opportunity for China-Philippines rapprochement


Should he demonstrate his good faith, the trip will present a long overdue opportunity for the two nations, which enjoy longstanding friendship, to heal the wounds of the past few years and steer their relationship back to the right course.


China hopes that the unit will coordinate efforts to review progress in the Plan of Action to Implement the Phnom Penh Declaration on the EAS Development Initiative and that the drafting of a second-phase plan of action will be started in due course, so as to take EAS cooperation to new heights.


The statement was issued the same day a conciliation commission was due to hear an arbitration case initiated by East Timor against Australia in The Hague over the disputed Timor Sea.


For almost a thousand years the pagoda withstood fires and wars, but finally collapsed in 1924, due to the removal of bricks as souvenirs by locals.


China will receive due returns.


Meanwhile, some traditionally popular destinations such as France and the Philippines are losing their attraction due to terror attacks and the South China Sea disputes, industry sources said.


His comment was echoed by Fan Jishe, a researcher of US strategies with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, who believes that ASEAN nations may be forced to "pick sides" between Beijing and Washington, due to the latter's intervention fueled by residual Cold War mentality.


The remarks came after Philippine Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay said on Tuesday direct talks with China over maritime disputes were unlikely to start anytime soon due to Beijing's refusal to accept the tribunal ruling on the South China Sea.


Historian Niall Ferguson and economist Moritz Schularick have used "Chimerica" to describe the two economies, due to their close links.


The arbitral panel disregarded due procedure in accepting the unilaterally initiated case, acted ultra vires in affirming its jurisdiction.


In light of the fast-evolving circumstances, US Secretary of State John Kerry is due to have a breakfast meeting with the EU foreign ministers on Monday before they get down to discussing their agenda.


"I am of the view that the tribunal must review its position and jurisdiction for the sake of institution it stands for; otherwise it will become a joke in the legal history as they did not follow the due process of law," Qureshi noted.


In fact, due to the turnabout in the situation in the South China Sea, China and ASEAN member states have already begun to explore how to further bilateral or multilateral cooperation.


And given the provocative actions US warships have repeatedly taken in the South China Sea due to Washington's miscalculations of what China has done in its attempt to defend its own territorial waters, it is necessary for both militaries to sit down and talk.


We hope China, with its rising global influence, plays its due role to realize world peace with a tolerant spirit.


Such warm words would have been unimaginable two years ago when bilateral ties deteriorated due to the previous Philippine government's provocations and confrontational approach to the maritime dispute.


The US' actions also run counter to the regional trend, as, over the past year or so, the tensions arising from the maritime disputes involving China and a few Southeast Asian countries have been markedly abated due to the concerted efforts of countries in the region to build peace and stability in the waters.


The US' actions also run counter to the regional trend, as, over the past year or so, the tensions arising from the maritime disputes involving China and a few Southeast Asian countries have been markedly abated due to the concerted efforts of countries in region to build peace and stability in the waters.


Rebuilding US forces that were depleted under two previous presidents due to unwise wars and spending on other things requires more money and a plan to fix this.


And we had the inaugural session last May, and the second one is due soon.


While China upholds the rule-based order, it is insinuated that rising China may lead to regional tensions as it is a "non-democracy".


Still, the international community is worried about the negative impact of new technologies－for instance, they could lead to a spiritual, ethical or moral crisis, even political or economic crisis.


Before Thursday, Trump had already talked on the phone with about 20 foreign leaders except Xi, fueling concerns that the absence of contact between the two leaders could lead to renewed tensions in the China-US ties.


The case may lead to criminal prosecution, according to a news release from the Hong Kong government.


To prevent Pyongyang from mastering advanced missile technology and thus becoming capable of striking the US homeland, many experts suggest Washington launch preemptive strikes on the DPRK, which would lead to a greater crisis.


His lack of experience and over-confidence bring uncertainties and could cause him frustration that might lead to impulsiveness.


Correct perception will lead to correct actions.


While some in the US argue that the deep economic interdependence between the two nations and their many shared interests will lead to a more collaborative relationship in the coming decades, some still believe a conflict between a rising power and established power is inevitable.


Any attempt to build an exclusive sphere of influence may lead to possible confrontation and even military conflict.


The current main concern lies with the rising trust deficit in the field of strategic security, which may lead to misjudgment on both sides and increase the possibility of confrontation and conflict.


The two countries should be able to take the lead to mobilize international coordination and collaboration to improve global governance and keep pace with the trend of globalization.


Tokyo's provocations lead to tit-for-tat responses
"International conflicts, natural disasters and terror attacks can easily lead to Chinese tourists canceling their travel plans," Xu said.


So he "strongly hopes the parties to the dispute comply with the award and lead to a peaceful solution of the dispute in South China Sea".


So it is critical that all ASEM countries truly understand each other's core interests, as it will lead to win-win integration of Asian and European nations, because we are all sub-prime states.


A trade war is the first step of a geopolitical containment policy, but will ultimately lead to a fierce confrontation between the existing hegemonic power and a rising power over the world order and international rules.


Will China-US friction lead to a new "Cold War" featuring all-round confrontation.


Once issued, the ruling will serve as a barometer of future China-US relations, but it is not likely to lead to a military conflict because it will not be good for either side and neither wants to escalate the already high tensions in the South China Sea.


The result has been a constant improvement in the quality and effect of development.


As a result, the ideals and convictions of all Party members have been strengthened and their sense of Party consciousness has deepened.


As a result, both the intraparty political atmosphere and the political ecosystem of the Party have improved markedly.


The achievements of the past five years are the result of the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee, and, more importantly, the result of all Party members and all the Chinese people pulling together in their pursuit.


As for the purpose of the Japanese proposal, Kono felt no need to cover up one of Japan's objectives, telling Japanese media that the aim is to counter China's expanding influence as a result of its Belt and Road Initiative.


However, due to its strained ties with China as a result of their territorial dispute and its concerns about having lost status because of China's growing influence in the region, Japan has been ramping up its efforts to oppose China in regional and international issues.


We have seen ASEAN Communities being established, frameworks such ASEAN

Plus One, ASEAN Plus Three and Lancang-Mekong

cooperation producing fruitful results, and growing momentum of trade and investment and integrated development in the region.


Greater market openness and collaboration through division of labor is the right way to achieve win-win results.


For decades Chinese workers have sweated on production lines to send real products to the US, resulting in China holding some US promises to pay back a loan that is often devalued.


Wang said he and Tillerson both endorsed the two dialogues, and they expected an early start to and results from the remaining two dialogues, which will focus on cultural exchanges, law enforcement and cyber security.


In sharp contrast to when Aquino III was president and the tense standoff he sparked froze trade ties, Duterte's diplomatic pragmatism is laying a solid foundation for constructive ties, which will surely result in tangible rewards.


It could lead to tensions, he said, and result in nobody being able to develop the resources.


It also threatens to undermine the current hard-won trend of cooperation in the South China Sea, which has resulted in China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations completing the drafting of a framework for a code of conduct.


Such a practice is both dangerous and counterproductive because it could easily throw China-US relations off balance and squander the fruitful results achieved so far in advancing bilateral cooperation.


The president's strong voice against the three evil forces has led to practical results.


in this region as a result it established relations with monarchies, like Iran, Kuwait etc.


The political security dilemma has often resulted from economic problems, unemployment, poverty and other livelihood issues are main causes of the upheavals in the Middle East.


The reason that no results have been achieved to date is precisely because of the failure to implement negotiated agreements and the suspension of negotiations.


and the DPRK through bilateral negotiations resulting in the Agreed Framework Between the United States of America and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (hereafter, the U.
From May 1992 to February 1993, North Korea received six unscheduled inspections by the IAEA but disagreed on the objectives and results of the inspections.


As a result, it could only conclude that the U.


-DPRK

Agreed Framework was not producing results and that the U.


The following section will describe how the talks went and how they were disrupted and broke down from time to time, resulting in spiraling tensions.


The attempt to hold the Three-Party Talks was not easy and the result was far from satisfactory.


Such issues hindering the smooth development of China-Australia ties are largely the result of some Australians' distrust of China.


He noted that during that time Japan was a trade harbor for all the Asian tigers and, as a result, it boasted a huge trade surplus with the United States.


With US Secretary of State Rex Tiller son's first visit to China drawing near, hopes are high that the high-level dialogue between the world's two largest economies will produce positive results and send a reassuring signal to the outside world that China and the United States will try their best to avoid conflicts and build more common ground.


Returning the vehicles is a positive sign for the China-Singapore relationship, he said, adding that bilateral ties have been frustrated in recent months as a result of what he called Singapore's "improper remarks" on China's stance on the South China Sea issue.


China is ready to pursue security through dialogue and cooperation in the spirit of working together for mutually beneficial results, and safeguard peace and stability jointly with other countries in the region.


In June the same year the Eighth Round of the China-US Strategic and Economic Dialogue, the Seventh China-US High-Level Consultation on People-to-People Exchanges, and the Second China-US High-Level Joint Dialogue on Cybercrime and Related Issues were held in Beijing, and achieved fruitful results.


The Belt and Road Initiative made steady progress; diplomatic activities with neighboring countries achieved positive results.


President Xi's visit to Cambodia, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's choice of China as the first country to visit outside the ASEAN region and Sri Lanka's resumption of the Colombo Port City project are just a few of the results China achieved last year.


The two countries can only have long-term stable cooperation and achieve mutual benefit and win-win results when they respect each other and take into consideration the issues concerning the other's core interests and major concerns, for instance the Taiwan issue.


will be restricted as a result.


Silent majority beats louder minority

The result of the US presidential election has shattered the dream of those who expected Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win.


And the result shows their political participation has greater potential to sway the presidential election when the country is busy dealing with a slew of problems.


The result might be hard to swallow for many, but it is how the US democracy works.


By comparison, the devastating effects of Typhoon Yolanda (also known as Haiyan), in November 2013, not only resulted in a terrible tragedy, but also damning evidence of communication failures in the Philippines at the time due to the lack of access to reliable information from government officials as ineffective early warnings systems were compounded by a lack of preparedness.


The visit took place against a backdrop of deteriorating China-Philippines relations resulting from the pursuit of an arbitration case against China on the South China Sea initiated by Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino III.


Most important, China should not treat this lightly as what happens as a result of the administration's designs will influence the bilateral relationship for the next 10 to 20 years.


"I don't want to give any impression that it was thrown on as a result of recent comments or activities.


As a result, China-Philippines relations became ice cold and tensions continued to build up in the disputed waters, serving the interests of neither country nor the region at large.


"Certainly we won't want to do any deliberate conflict, but we also want to make sure we don't do any kind of conflict that results from miscalculation or mistake," he said.


Still, over the past four decades, China has achieved outstanding results thanks to its policy of "concentration on construction and development".


Maritime studies

The Princeton PhD graduate got his job at the US Naval War College shortly after the EP-3 incident on April 1, 2001, in which a US spy plane collided in mid-air with a Chinese fighter jet off Hainan Island, resulting in the death of a Chinese pilot.


It seems to him that China and ASEAN managed to move on from the arbitration case, conducted their summit in a peaceful and friendly atmosphere, and achieved better-than-expected results.


As a result, the relations between the two sides have stood the test of numerous challenges and shown a momentum of development.


As a result, there has formed a pattern of greater interconnection and win-win cooperation, which has benefited the two billion people in our 11 countries.


As a result, peace and stability have become the main theme of our relations, providing a strong guarantee for the development and cooperation of the region.


Describing Singapore as an important regional partner, Li said the close communication between leaders of both countries is helpful in promoting practical cooperation and achieving "win-win results".


Externally, his willingness to "reset" US relations with Russia has resulted in a treaty to further reduce nuclear weapons, but relations between Washington and Moscow have worsened due to Crimea crisis.


Obama's policy toward China, like his other policies, too, has yielded mixed results.


Professor Allison and his team found that in the majority of the 16 cases in human history in which a rising power has confronted a ruling power, the result was war.


As a result, globalization greatly boosted the expansion of human wealth, benefiting both developed and developing countries alike.


Large-scale reconstruction during the Southern Song Dynasty resulted in a brick structure.


They don't easily go away, and are likely to result in closer ties between China and Southeast Asia.


As the top two economies in the world, China and the United States have responsibilities to play a larger role in ensuring that the Hangzhou summit can yield constructive results as many as possible, Cui said, adding communication channels between the two countries have always been running well.


(In other words, reaching agreement is a slow process, whose results are less than substantial.


What the Japanese government has said about the arbitration result upon its release and what it has been doing to estrange the Philippines from China speaks volumes about what it wants to see in the South China Sea: escalated tensions, or even a conflict between the Philippines and China.


As a result of the US' political and military maneuvers intended to contain China in the region, the strategic mutual trust that the two countries have painstakingly been building in recent years is being eroded bit by bit.


"As for the situation in Ukraine, the result of Russia's engagement in a ‘hybrid warfare'to change the status quo to be becoming fixed, and the threat perception regarding Russia's activities is increasing especially in Europe," the white paper said.


The so-called ruling is illegal in three aspects: the initiation of the arbitration is illegal, the set-up of the tribunal is illegal, and the result of the arbitration is illegal.


The result of this year’s primary election in the US has clearly demonstrated that the majority of American voters do not want any more foreign wars.


For his part, Lavrov fully agreed with Wang on the fruitful results made at the two leaders' meeting, saying that the joint statements and other documents signed during President Putin's visit showcased the common position shared by the two countries on developing bilateral relations and on major international issues.


"China believes only a negotiated result can gain understanding and support from people of countries concerned," he concluded, adding, "only a negotiated result can be effectively implemented and only a negotiated result can be enduring.


The growing economic relationship has also resulted in more friction.


Undoubtedly, Richardson's sitting down together with his Chinese counterpart, Admiral Wu Shengli, commander of the Chinese navy, and exchanging views even disagreements is conducive to finding out how the two navies can manage the risks that may result from escalated tensions in the region.


And it will make every effort to seek win-win results and maintain peace, which is so vital to the stability and prosperity of the region.


Since the first ASEM in 1996, the countries have worked to improve the management system and set up close cooperation in all sectors such as politics, economics, finance, education, health and security, and have achieved inspiring results.


The diplomat said China hopes the new Philippine government, led by President Rodrigo Duterte, will not use the arbitration results and added that China is willing to negotiate with its South China Sea neighbors on jointly exploiting oil and gas resources.


This makes it all the more important for China to remain sober-minded when handling challenges that result from the arbitral award, and not be distracted from its priority of economic development.


China hopes that the Philippines' new government, led by President Rodrigo Duterte, will not use the arbitration results, Liu said.


The DOC is an instrument that is the result of a decade-long joint diplomatic efforts by China and ASEAN countries, and it embodies the solemn commitments of all parties concerned.


China is ready "to make every effort with the states directly concerned to enter into provisional arrangements of a practical nature, including joint development in relevant maritime areas", to achieve win-win results and jointly maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea, the statement added.


Pending final settlement, China is also ready to make every effort with the states directly concerned to enter into provisional arrangements of a practical nature, including joint development in relevant maritime areas, in order to achieve win-win results and jointly maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea.


Both sides note that the situation in the South China Sea has become generally more stable as a result of joint cooperative efforts between China, the Philippines, and other ASEAN Member States.


The victory is considered more a result of the lack of better choices and the electorate choosing to maintain the status quo, rather than their endorsing Abe's constitutional designs.


The report of the United Kingdom's official inquiry into the Iraq War shows how the US and its allies bypassed the United Nations to illegally invade that country, which resulted in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians.


As a result of joint efforts, the Sino-Indian border has by and large maintained long-term stability.


China's neighborhood diplomacy has yielded positive results in recent years, including improvement in relations with several countries with whom China has had disputes.


The declining "good impression" about China among Japanese is a result of both historical issues and the confrontation between the two countries in the East and South China seas.


However, Trump's unilateral moves show patience is not his forte

- he cannot wait for such efforts to yield the desired results.


In this era of globalization, trade deficit is a complicated issue resulting from both external and internal factors.


China-US relations, including bilateral trade ties, are the result of the willingness and incessant efforts of both sides to negotiate.


The result.


The calm that has prevailed is the result of Beijing's painstaking endeavors to explain its intentions and reassure its neighbors that it does not seek to restrict free passage in the busy waterway or pursue development at their expense, but rather seeks to expand the convergence of interests with them and promote greater cooperation for the benefit of all.


The five years since the 18th National Congress have been a truly remarkable five years in the course of the development of the Party and the country.


The Past Five Years: Our Work and Historic Change The five years since the 18th National Congress have been a truly remarkable five years in the course of the development of the Party and the country.


This is what socialism with Chinese characteristics entering a new era means:

The Chinese nation, which since modern times began had endured so much for so long, has achieved a tremendous transformation: it has stood up, grown rich, and is becoming strong; it has come to embrace the brilliant prospects of rejuvenation.


National rejuvenation has been the greatest dream of the Chinese people since modern times began.


And it will have little effect in slowing the momentum with which the initiative is being rolled out since those that have less of a bias against China

recognize it is a platform for nourishing inclusive growth.


The two Leaders recalled the historical ties of China-Brunei Darussalam relations, and agreed that the bilateral relations have enjoyed rapid development since the establishment of diplomatic relations.


Both sides fully recognise the progress made in various fields of practical cooperation over the past 5 years since the establishment of the China-Brunei Darussalam Strategic Cooperative Relationship, and agreed to elevate the bilateral relations to a Strategic Cooperative Partnership, promoting their relations to new heights.


Reassuring the world that China will always adhere to peace regardless of how powerful it becomes in the future, Xi has built on the foundations of friendship and sincerity, mutual respect for core interests and major concerns, dialogue and non-confrontation, and a win-win approach.


With such a goal, it is natural that China should seek to develop friendly and reciprocal ties with countries around the world, especially those on its periphery, and natural that it should adhere to the principles of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness in its relations with other countries.
 

To everyone concerned about the recent vicissitudes in China-Singapore relations, Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's ongoing China visit, his first state visit since August 2013, is welcome, and it is being perceived as a sign that the soured bilateral ties are recovering.


"The South China Sea islands have been China's territory since ancient times.


And Chinese investment in Australia last year reached its highest level since the 2008 global financial crisis - $11.


Chinese investment in Australia reached its highest level since the global financial crisis of 2008, at $11.


Over the past 70 years and more since the end of the Second World War, Asia has achieved progress and prosperity thanks to economic globalization and opening-up and cooperation among countries in the region.


China is sincerely committed to take forward COC consultations.


The just-concluded inaugural China International Import Expo fully demonstrated China's sincere desire and voluntary steps to open up its market and share development opportunity with other countries.


Chinese investment in Australia also reached its highest level since the global financial crisisof 2008, at $11.


In announcing its decision, Qatar did not mention the diplomatic crisis roiling Gulf Arab nations since June, when Qatar found its land, sea and air routes cut off by its neighbors over Doha's policies across the Middle East.


Bush jump into Iraq War in 2003, having coerced the West into believing Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction and leaving the region that in decades of chaos ever since.


Xi said that since their dialogue partnership was built in 1991, China and ASEAN have stayed true to cooperation and development, their political mutual trust has deepened and their pragmatic cooperation has seen fruitful outcomes.


He noted that ASEAN has played an important role in securing regional peace and stability since its founding half a century ago, and it has become a force that represents the world's developing multipolar nature.


After years of gradual encroachment of Chinese islands and reefs, figures show that since 2007, Vietnam has increased the pace of its large-scale land reclamation on 21 of the illegally occupied islands and reefs, and even built a number of new military facilities in the South China Sea.


It is high time that Vietnam readjusts its approach and attitude, and sincerely joins the efforts of regional countries to promote peace and common prosperity in the South China Sea.


Vowing China will be "the most sincere and enduring partner" of the Philippines for its national development, Wang also promised strong Chinese support for the latter in domestic and international affairs, including its crusade against drugs and terrorism.


In the second "freedom of navigation" operation conducted by the US Navy since US President Donald Trump took office, the missile destroyer USS Stethem trespassed in China's territorial waters off the Xisha Islands on Sunday.


President Xi Jinping and Trump reached an important consensus when they met in Mar-a-Lago, Florida, in April, and since then mutual efforts have been made to forge a constructive partnership.


Last year, the Abe administration ramrodded a controversial security bill through parliament, giving the green light to the SDF for the first time since the end of World War II to engage in armed conflicts overseas even when Japan is not under attack.


That's the question Xi has elaborated on in many major diplomatic occasions, including the SCO summits, since he took office in 2013.


Right at this moment, Syria still struggles in a long-running civil war; the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula risks a flare-up; last year was the hottest year since modern recordkeeping began in 1880.


SECURITY FOR ALL

Ever since taking office, the Chinese leader has elaborated on numerous major diplomatic occasions, including the SCO summits, his vision on how to build a safer Asia and a more secure world.


Ever since the policy of “One Belt One Road Initiative” was propounded by President Xi Jinping, the Gulf Region Countries (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Iraq and Iran)whole heartedly appreciated and pledge their co-operation to it.


At present, China and the Arab countries have reached a consensus in projects, such as the China-Arab technology transfer centre, and the Training Centre for peaceful use of nuclear energy in Arab, clean energy training centre in Arab, and the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) has landing in the Arab world, showing the sincere wish and a huge potential of the cooperation between the two sides.


China started to mediate on the Korean nuclear issue and host talks in 2003, at the United States' sincere request.


As the two sides reached an impasse, the DPRK took the opportunity to move forward with its program and, since 2005, has carried out five nuclear tests and numerous missile tests.


Japan's Ministry of Defense said the inaugural mission, since contentious new legislation took effect last year, is aimed at showing that the Japan-US alliance stands firm amid rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula.


The Izumo helicopter carrier is the largest warship Japan has entered into service since World War II.


He noted that the Trump administration is still in the process of formulating its China policy and other policies due to the short time since it took office and the staffing problems which have left many positions unfilled so far.


The fact that Jiro Akama became the highest-ranking Japanese government official to visit the island in an official capacity since 1972, when Beijing and Tokyo normalized their diplomatic relations, contradicted his claim that Japan's "relations with Taiwan are unchanged" despite the visit.


This meddling, in addition to its announced plan to send its largest warship to the South China Sea, in its largest show of military power since the end of World War II, had already revealed its intention is to stir up trouble in the region.


This is the first time that the AIIB has welcomed new prospective members to the bank since its launch in January 2016.


This will be Japan's biggest show of naval force in the region since World War II.


For a country that has never sincerely owned up to its militarist past, such an open and high-profile display of force is itself alarming, without mentioning its intended purpose of meddling in the sovereignty disputes to which it is not a party.


If she knows the history of China, she would know that China has been pursuing democracy at least since the May Fourth Movement.


With the authorization of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, since August 26, 2014, China has launched a two-year pilot reform on fast-track sentencing procedure for criminal cases in 217 primary courts in Beijing and 17 other cities.


Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has sought to improve ties with China since taking office in July last year, which has helped ratchet down tensions in the waters.


But since rising nationalism is threatening to shake the foundation of global security governance, giving rise to multiple new challenges, such a consensus seems a distant dream.


The call was the first between the leaders of the top two economies in the world since Trump's inauguration in late January.


Tensions have cooled over the South China Sea issue since China and other countries involved, including the Philippines, agreed to peacefully solve disputes through negotiations.


Japan has become the biggest source of imports for China since the mid-1970s.


The winning of the 2016 election by the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) has brought uncertainty to the ties since Tsai has refused to acknowledge a 1992 consensus reached by the two sides on One China.


China has long urged resumption of the Six-Party Talks suspended since 2008.


Yet for those familiar with Manila's abrupt change of attitude towards the United States since Duterte took office in July, the aid package is a sweetener aimed at serving Tokyo's political purposes.


Speaking before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Mattis also said the world order is under "the biggest attack since World War II", and he blamed Russia and China's activities in the South China Sea and international terrorist organizations for its destabilization.


Asked by Senator John McCain whether the world order is now under more strain, Mattis said it's under the biggest attack since World War II.


Azerbaijan values cooperation with China and is interested in deepening trade and economic cooperation with this country, since China is one of the main suppliers of products to Azerbaijan.


Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has taken steps to mend relations with China since taking office in June.


He had a phone conversation with Taiwan leader Tsai Ing-wen – the first of its kind since 1979, and he said that the US doesn't have to be bound by a one-China policy unless it can make a deal with China on other things.


Despite explanations by the President-elect himself and the White House's spokesperson afterwards, the call cast a shadow over bilateral ties, as such a thing hadn't happened in the 37 years since the two countries established diplomatic ties.


All the achievements China has made in the diplomatic field should be attributed to its regional policy of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness, its firm stance on important issues and its skillful approaches in diplomatic activities.


Abe is scheduled to visit Pearl Harbor with US President Barack Obama on Dec 26, which will make him the first sitting Japanese leader since the end of World War II to do so.


The reef is one of the 29 Chinese reefs in the South China Sea that Vietnam has illegally occupied, and it has conducted construction and reclamation work on more than 20 of them since the 1980s.


China was Malaysia's largest trading partner in 2015, a position it has maintained since 2009, with trade last year between our countries totalling approximately USD 100 billion.


"Through offering olive branches to both China and Japan, Duterte is pursuing the Philippines' maximum national interests, since both China and Japan could offer financial support to his country," he said.


Though the Philippines has continued to soften its remarks and sought to reassure the US that it will not break up the alliance, it is clear the Philippine government under Duterte is no longer willing to be used as a pawn in the US' strategic rebalancing to Asia, which has been widely seen as intended to contain China's rise since day one.


Since the end of the Second World War, America's identity has been profoundly shaped by its status as a global power (and the world's only superpower since the breakup of the former Soviet Union in 1991).


Duterte's efforts to engage China, months after a tribunal in the Hague ruled that Beijing did not have historic rights to the South China Sea in a case brought by the previous administration in Manila, marks a reversal in foreign policy since the 71-year-old former mayor took office on June 30.


In a reflection of his keenness to repair the seriously damaged relations, the new Philippine president chose China to be the first country he visits outside the Association of Southeast Asian Nations since taking office in June.


Given the positive signs, Duterte's widely-watched visit to China functions as a litmus test of his sincerity and political wisdom.


Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's four-day state visit to China, scheduled to start on Tuesday, has drawn extensive attention from the international community since it was made public.


The words and actions of Duterte since being elected president indicate that the new government seems to be reconsidering the Philippines' previous diplomatic dependence on the US.


The visit, Duterte's first outside Southeast Asia since he became president in June, was announced by China's Foreign Ministry on Oct 12.


The visit, which will be Duterte's first outside Southeast Asia since he became president in June, was announced by China's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday.


the preparations for Duterte's visit mirror great sincerity - particularly from the Duterte administration - for thawing ties and for Beijing's vision for long-term investment in bilateral ties.


The world has been undergoing unprecedented changes since the end of the Cold War.


China's concept of building a "new type of major country relationship" and its diplomatic idea of "amity, sincerity, reciprocity and tolerance" are the fruits of its consistent efforts to pursue peaceful development and build good-neighborly and friendly relations with countries in the region.


China attaches great importance to ties with Japan and has sincerely worked to improve bilateral ties.


But since assuming office, he has pursued a normal diplomatic policy toward China and tried to correct his predecessor Benigno Aquino III's foreign policy of antagonizing China and seeking other countries' intervention in the South China Sea issue.


These will be Duterte's first trips outside Southeast Asia since assuming office on June 30.


"Never forget the national shame" has since been the main theme of commemoration on every Sept 18.


While expressing concern over a possible arms race between major powers that leads to a new Cold War, Goldstein said China has shown admirable restraint in developing its military forces since the old days, starting with the minimum deterrence, referring to China's nuclear strategy.


His six-day China visit is his first since becoming prime minister after a leadership reshuffle in Vietnam in July.


Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc's ongoing six-day visit to China, the first since he entered that office in July, sends an encouraging signal that the two countries are determined to keep their relations on the track of stable and smooth development despite the maritime disputes between them in the South China Sea.


These many "firsts" are testimony to China's pursuit of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness in its neighborhood diplomacy.


This speaks fully to China's good faith and sincerity in working with ASEAN countries to properly handle disputes and jointly uphold peace and stability in the South China Sea.


Such a practice of double standard will only erode Australia's own credibility and fuel suspicions about Australia's sincerity about maintaining sound and robust ties with China.


For the West, but also for Chinese forces of progress, the real danger to avoid is a Chinese return to a solitary course since it would initiate an era of de-globalization as well as abort the promises of the Chinese renaissance.


In Hangzhou, Chinese President Xi Jinping and US President Barack Obama will have separate meetings, which will be their eighth since 2013.


Ever since US leaders started talking about a "pivot" or "rebalance" to Asia, they've worked under the assumption that a stronger China will inevitably pursue expansionism and thus needs to be countered by the US and its allies.


It is his first visit to China since becoming defense minister in April.


Right now, Southeast Asian cities have taken over more and more processing operations relocated from China since 2008, to serve the markets in both the developed and more advanced developing countries.


For all the years since the 2008 global crisis, Southeast Asia has been an unsung hero in the world.


it is natural for Beijing and Moscow to hold a drill in the South China Sea this year, since they have previously held exercises in other coastal regions of China.


Against such a backdrop, the fact that Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has visited Tokyo a number of times since he took office in 2013 shows China's sincerity in wishing to cooperate with Japan and the ROK, the source said.


The final date of the eighth trilateral foreign ministers' meeting, the second gathering since the talks resumed in March 2015 after a three-year hiatus, was not released until Monday afternoon.


Against such a backdrop, the fact that Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi still came to Tokyo since he took office in 2013 has shown China's sufficient sincerity to cooperate with Japan and South Korea.


In late July, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region signed a landmark agreement with the Philippines' Palawan province, the first of its kind since the South China Sea arbitration.


The ambassador also revealed that China has kept frequent contacts with the United States on the South China Sea issue, reiterating that the issue should not be allowed to define China-US ties since the two countries have neither disputes over even one inch of territory nor fundamental clash of interests in the South China Sea.


According to KPMG, China has invested about A$70 billion ($54 billion) in Australia since 2009, and replaced the US as the largest investor in Australia in 2013.


This is the first time for the two ministers to meet since Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte took office at the end of June.


They also pledged to expand and deepen cooperation, and reiterated that they attach great importance to their long-standing friendship and high-level exchanges for long-term and strategic development, especially since 2017, which has led to practical cooperation in dealing with maritime disputes.


These agreements may seem more symbolic than substantive, since unplanned encounters at sea do not constitute a prominent concern between China and ASEAN states, even those with the most troubling disputes.


The senior officials' meeting has been held twice a year since 2011, but this is the third meeting held this year.


The steps that China has taken ever since regarding the islands are just countermeasures to Japan's actions.


But this year's The 38th Parallel has become wildly popular since it depicts the war from not only a Chinese perspective but also remains neutral toward the Republic of Korea and United States.


It should also be clear by now that China is sincere when it expresses its willingness to solve disputes with its neighbors through dialogue and peaceful means.


"Our participation in the RIMPAC 2016 exercise is a trip for friendship, cooperation and exhibition, not only showcasing our strength, but also conveying our sincere goodwill for seeking peace," Wang Sheqiang, commanding officer of the PLA Navy taskforce, was quoted as saying in a press release posted by the Ministry of National Defense on Monday.


But Peng's sincere mix of openness and confidence relaxed my inhibitions.


But Major General Peng's sincere mix of openness and confidence relaxed my inhibitions.


Actually China has published military white papers every two years since 1998, and its "active defense" strategy－"we will not attack unless we are attacked"－poses no threat to any peace-loving nations.


The white paper criticized the Democratic People's Republic of Korea for continuing provocative military actions such as conducting its fourth nuclear test in January and repeatedly launching ballistic missiles since February.


And since China refused to participate or recognize the arbitral tribunal or its ruling, the Philippines had to pay all the money.


The Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force's provocative action has also cast doubts on Tokyo's sincerity to improve relations with Beijing at a time when Japan is making preparations for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's possible visit to China.


The reports said Vietnam had adopted such measures since 2012, when China first issued new passports with the South China Sea dotted line printed in them.


Kerry, the highest-ranking US official to visit the Philippines since Duterte took office on June 20, emphasized the importance of turning the page on the disputes and initiating talks among claimants.


Located at 2 Times Square, the 19-meter-high and 12-meter-wide "China Screen" has been displaying images of China since August 2011, telling the story of China to an estimated number of 500,000 passers-by every day.


Wang said China has not participated in the arbitration case and will not accept the so-called ruling, a position that China has made clear since day one and is supported by strong legal basis.


Yet sincerity is subject to proof.


The consensus between Kerry and Wang surprised many observers, since Washington has publicly pressed Beijing to accept the recent ruling by the Arbitral Tribunal of The Hague in a case unilaterally initiated by Manila in 2013.


Wang said that since ASEAN said during the meetings that it takes no position as a whole on the arbitral ruling, the hyping about the South China Sea did not resolve the issue, but instead "offered excuses to forces outside the region to impose intervention".


So far, Brussels has not signaled it has the courage and sincerity to treat Beijing as a full strategic partner.


It is well known that a country's "historic titles" in the sea according to international law refer to its rights over the waters it has enjoyed since ancient times, which include "historic sovereignty" and "non-exclusive historic rights.


China and the US have seen their economies become increasingly interdependent since the late 1970s when China began its reform and opening-up drive.


Bilateral trade in goods between the two countries has expanded more than 200-fold since 1979, reaching $636 billion last year, with a $375 billion surplus in China's favor.


The US has been running a trade deficit every year since 1976, a deficit caused largely by US fiscal policy, the low domestic savings rate and the role of the dollar as a global reserve currency.


We sincerely hope that negotiations will be resumed soon, and then China-Philippines relations will be back on track.


And finally, I sincerely hope and believe that all of you, with your great wisdom and foresight, continue to make contributions to the bright vision of a future China-ASEAN Community of Common Destiny.


Li said the US has considered China a strategic competitor since late last year.


The South China Sea, important to the Chinese people since ancient times, is our heritage to which our forefathers devoted their wisdom and even lives.


Aquino has since passed into history, and the job of cleaning up his mess has fallen upon the new Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who seems willing to talk directly with China.


Steven Brill, a New York lawyer and journalist, discusses the poverty problem in the US since the 1960s in his book Tailspin.


"South China Sea islands are China's inherent territory since time immemorial," he said on behalf of the community.


Hence, this arbitration has been illegal since the very beginning.


Yang Jiechi:

The South China Sea, important to the Chinese people since ancient times, is our heritage to which our forefathers devoted their wisdom and even lives.


Thanks to these policies, since the founding of the PRC, China has settled boundary issues left over from history with 12 of its 14 neighbors on land.


China has pointed out that the South China Sea Islands have been its territory since ancient times.


"The South China Sea Islands have been China's territory since ancient times," he said during a meeting in Beijing with European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.


Having been the dominant power in the region since the end of World War II, it now feels that position is threatened by China's rise.


The People's Republic of China, since its founding, has further upheld its sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao and relevant rights and interests in the South China Sea.


China has appreciated the virtue of "the strong should not bully the weak, and the rich should not insult the poor" since ancient times.


And since the arbitral tribunal has violated the law and acted as a marionette of external powers, the case will be treated as a farce by history.


On bilateral ties, Li said China-Vietnam relations have shown a positive momentum since last year, with early results yielding in maritime, land and financial cooperation.


This becomes more relevant when a large number of those islands and reefs on its side of the Nine-Dash Line have been already seized by some of the other claimants since the 1970s.


5 percent increase over the previous year, marking the highest figure since statistics were first recorded in 1979, according to the Japanese Finance Ministry.


The Chinese people have since ancient times lived and engaged in production activities on Nanhai Zhudao and in relevant waters.


In 1999, China began to enforce summer fishing moratorium in the South China Sea and has done so since that time.


Although cooperation has been the mainstream in Sino-US relations, marred by frictions, since the two sides established diplomatic ties nearly four decades ago, the US' China strategy has gradually changed from "strategic ambiguity" (not viewing China as a friend or an enemy) to one of "strategic clarity".


Ever since the end of the Cold War, the US has been trying to undermine China’s rise in the region and in the world by encouraging the Philippines and other countries to challenge China’s long-established sovereignty over the South China Sea and occupy some of the islands claimed by China.


In response to the popular demand, Chinese government has been building its military capabilities in the South China Sea ever since Philippines unilaterally sought arbitration on the South China Sea disputes.


The Philippines filed the case three years ago without the consent of China, which since then has been reiterating the reasons for refusing to accept the arbitration and the ruling.


On Feb 19, 2013, the Chinese government solemnly declared that it neither accepts nor participates in that arbitration and has since repeatedly reiterated that position.


EU states would have to share out legitimate asylum-seekers from the centers, an idea that has divided them bitterly since 2015.


the impartiality of the ruling itself is questionable since four of the five arbitrators responsible for the case were picked by a Japanese rightist Shunji Yanai, former president of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.


The South China Sea Islands have been China's territory since ancient times, and China refuses to accept any claims or activities based on the arbitral ruling, Xi said while meeting in Beijing with European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.


China is glad to see the sincerity of the Philippines' new government in trying to improve bilateral ties through real actions, he added.


The ruling is "a piece of paper" that is destined to come to naught, since it does nothing except reveal the tribunal's degeneration into a political instrument.


The Chinese people were the first to discover, name and develop these Islands, and China’s original title thus acquired has been maintained by its continuous and peaceful display of sovereignty ever since.


China insisted that the tribunal has no jurisdiction over the case since it is related to sovereignty and security issues.


Wang said China has noticed that the new government of the Philippines has expressed willingness to restart negotiations and dialogue over maritime disputes, and China is glad to see the sincerity of the new Philippine government to improve bilateral ties with solid action.


On 19 February 2013, the Chinese government solemnly declared that it neither accepts nor participates in that arbitration and has since repeatedly reiterated that position.


Thus, on the basis of mutual respect, sincerity, equality, mutual benefit and win-win cooperation, the Leaders decided to establish the relationship of Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation.


The administration of former Philippine President Benigno Aquino III has lied in its unilaterally-initiated arbitration case against China over the South China Sea since 2013.


Yang Jiechi, State councilor "

The Chinese people firmly believe that we own those land features and have done so since ancient times.


Abe has managed to enact controversial security laws, which enable Japan's Self-Defense Forces to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II and made it possible for Japan to intervene militarily in regional conflicts.


Ever since 2007, the ministries of defense of the two countries have held eight rounds of defense and security talks.


The issue seems particularly challenging since China has resolved border disputes with 12 of its 14 neighboring countries through peaceful negotiations.


In fact, China and India have joined other countries in fighting against piracy in the Indian Ocean since the end of 2008.


But the unconstructive move should perhaps come as no surprise, given the United States has changed tack in its approach toward China since the last RIMPAC.


The 2018 National Defense Strategy, the first since President Donald Trump took office, singled China out as the "revisionist power" that poses "the central challenge to US prosperity and security".


On the other hand, China's maritime diplomacy with countries such as Vietnam, the Philippines and Malaysia have proved successful since the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.


But since Pyongyang sincerely wanted to negotiate the peninsula issue with the Republic of Korea and the US, it helped accelerate the process of restoring peace on the peninsula.


The confrontational factor in Sino-Japanese political ties has become increasingly prominent since then.


It would be more to the point to say that Xi is visiting a close neighbor and consolidating the good momentum in relations that has been fostered since Duterte reopened the door to cooperation.


Xi's remarks when he spoke with Duterte in Manila on Tuesday, reinforced his words at the APEC meeting, that China is sincere in wanting to form a community for common development in the region.


If they were sincere about promoting regional peace and stability and helping solve problems, they would criticize the world's sole superpower for sending its warships thousands of miles away to conduct so-called freedom of navigation operations in waters where there is no such problem at all.


By partnering with Washington in the latter's competition with China in the region, the EU may also hope to bolster its ties with the US, which have been somewhat shaky since Donald Trump entered the White House.


Which is no doubt factual, but also misleading, since his remark implies that such efforts are needed to secure freedom of navigation and overflight in the region and maintain stability.


By partnering with Washington in the latter’s competition with China in the region, the EU may also hope to bolster its ties with the US, which have been somewhat shaky since Donald Trump entered the White House.


And with the US resorting to repeated provocations against China in the South China Sea, the risks of it becoming a hotbed for China-US confrontation and even a regional flashpoint are certainly rising since the US operations increase the possibility of close encounters between the two countries' air forces and navies, which could, in turn, lead to a strategic misjudgment or even an accident.


He is the first foreign minister to visit since the new lineup of China's central government took office.


Xi's trip is the first state visit of a Chinese president to the Southeast Asian country since 2005.


Romana - a China expert due to his almost 40 years of living and working in China as a student

and then a veteran journalist

- has been a diplomat since 1971.


He lauded China's tremendous achievements since its reform and opening-up in 1978.


With regard to our relations with neighbors, we will follow the principles of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness.


The current momentum of de-escalation on the Korean Peninsula presents all parties with an opportunity to demonstrate greater sincerity for dialogue and negotiation and to facilitate constructive interactions.


It is our sincere hope that dialogue and cooperation will prevail in our world.


Finally, US-China relations were at a low point during the last years of the Barack Obama administration－worse than at any time since before former US president Richard Nixon engineered a rapprochement.


, which also colonized us for, since the beginning of the 21st century, and Japan also, because Japan is a neighboring country and we have good relations with Japan.


The first such exchange of visits since 2015 highlight the importance of China-Vietnam relations, which have seen steady growth despite the occasional hiccups.


"Today's consensus in agreeing to start the code of conduct negotiation means sincerity and willingness to start substantive negotiations on the code from the top levels of both China and ASEAN countries, and this will bring more effective control of the South China Sea disputes.


That Xi, as president of China, is paying state visits to Vietnam and Laos besides attending the APEC forum, and Premier Li Keqiang is paying a formal visit to the Philippines after attending the ASEAN summit, are unmistakable signs of the importance China places on good neighborly relations, and the commitment the country is making to its established principles of amity and sincerity in its relations with its neighbors.


It is also Xi's first trip overseas since the CPC's 19th National Congress.


The Communist Party of Vietnam has led the Vietnamese people to make remarkable progress and find an appropriate development strategy since the country started its reform and opening-up three decades ago, Xi said.


The two countries have since enjoyed frequent high-level exchanges and closer economic and trade ties.


threat to North Korea and therefore must be resolved through direct agreement between the two.


North Korea also recognized that it needed China's cooperation and should respect this friendly neighbor's opinion, and therefore could not easily say no to China's proposal for dialogue.


Candid, open conversations are therefore called for to increase strategic trust between the two countries.


The Xi-Trump meeting therefore is an apt opportunity for the military authorities on both sides to clear misunderstandings and maintain close interaction.


"It will, therefore, create a good environment for future negotiations over the South China Sea issue," he said.


Weighing the importance of long-term China-US relations, Washington therefore could and should make the right choice.


The subdued manner the anniversary was commemorated on Sunday, therefore, was more or less out of the norm.


More importantly, it views the case as one of territorial sovereignty dispute in the South China Sea and therefore asserts the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea cannot be used to resolve it.


The global financial crisis came therefore as a huge shock to China, changing the underlying preconceptions of its global view.


She could therefore play an important role in shaping the relationships between China, the US and the ASEAN nations.


First, because the ruling concerns sovereignty issues, and issues of territorial sovereignty are beyond the scope of the UNCLOS (United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea), therefore the tribunal's ruling is beyond its jurisdiction.


"The arbitration…has caused damage to China Philippines relations, but the Philippines is one of China's closest neighbors

, we therefore hope the new Philippines government will consider …the common interest of both countries, " he said.


The arbitral tribunal does not have the jurisdiction over the South China Sea dispute between Beijing and Manila and therefore its ruling is null and void.


Its ruling is therefore null and void and has no binding force," he added.


Second, the pivot strategy is based on the concept that East Asia is emerging as the economic center of the world and therefore should be the focal point of US foreign policy.


To avoid a conflict, therefore, the US and China should stop playing zero-sum games and instead work together for global welfare.


Instead, it acts like a purveyor of "a military presence strategy, and therefore is making an effort to maintain US hegemony in the region".


Throughout history, rising powers have tended to benefit from limited prods and have therefore shown no willingness to reduce the momentum toward an ultimate conflict.


It is obvious the case concerns sovereignty and therefore is not subject to the convention.


And therefore, an effort to maintain US hegemony in the region.


Oskar Krejčí:

Apart from the geopolitical interests in the so-called rebalancing, therefore keeping China back by maintaining superiority, there are also the economic interests of all participating states.


PZ:

Disputes in the South China Sea are therefore Sino -Vietnamese.
PZ:

OK, and where, therefore, according to you, does the truth lie.


Instead, it acts as a purveyor of "a military presence strategy, and therefore is making an effort to maintain US hegemony in the region", Krejci said.


The real disputes in the South China Sea are therefore of and about territorial sovereignty and maritime delimitation.


"The DOC is still under implementation, therefore both the Philippines and China do not have the right to file an arbitration during this process," Cheng said, "From legal aspect, the PCA has no arbitration jurisdiction over the case as the Philippines did not take the right steps.


It comes that the Trump Administration is contradicting to itself and therefore even the traditional US allies have lost their patience.


And, therefore, no matter whether Secretary Mattis is, in fact, representing the US policies, the Chinese hosts should be well prepared for his China tour.


It's time therefore that the two sides abandoned antagonism, and communicated in the right spirit to pursue deeper cooperation for mutual benefit.


It is likely therefore that the US will realize that protectionism and confrontation cannot "make America great again" after swallowing the bitter fruit of the seed it has sowed, especially because China has made it clear it will not back off from a US-orchestrated trade war.


He said the maritime disputes should be resolved on a bilateral basis between the affected countries.


But against that general rosy picture of bilateral cooperation, there have been increasing undercurrents of late, and these prompted Xi to say in a telephone conversation with Trump on Monday that bilateral ties are being affected by some negative factors.


As a result, sea levels are rising at an accelerating pace, extreme events like droughts, forest fires, floods, major storms, have doubled since 1990, and some 1,688 endangered species of animals and plants have been negatively affected.


About 100,000 ships transit through the South China Sea each year and

no countries have complained that the freedom of navigation of their ships has been affected.


She also noted that the international community is not as concerned about "navigation security" in the South China Sea as the US has claimed and the US's objectives and moves would affect future development in this area.


But he said it pointed out that relevant measures are not intended to produce negative consequences on DPRK's humanitarian situation and the livelihood of its people, not to affect its normal economic and trade activities.


Frequent "black swan" events affected the world.


The changes of state leaders in the United States, Brazil, Britain, South Korea, Italy, Thailand, New Zealand and many other countries will surely affect world politics.


How will Donald Trump's presidency-after he assumes office on Jan 20, 2017-affect China-US relations.


She said the arrangement regarding the island was made after Duterte expressed concern over access and Beijing considered the affection between the two countries.


This has affected an otherwise good bilateral cooperation tradition, as well as hampered the efforts to integrate East Asian economies, and maintain regional peace and stability.


We also undertake to exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities that would complicate or escalate disputes and affect peace and stability.


A trust deficit already affects Sino-Western interactions in the security domain (neither the United States nor the European Union can sell weapons to China, and the territorial claims in the South China Sea are a source of disagreement) but, in cyberspace, it is strategic mistrust which complicates Sino-US relations.


China as the host, stands ready to work with other members under the theme of building an "Innovative, Invigorated, Interconnected and Inclusive World Economy" to hold open discussions over several key priorities, namely, "breaking a new path for growth through strengthened policy coordination," "more effective and efficient global economic and financial governance," "robust international trade and investment," "inclusive and interconnected development" and "other outstanding problems that affect world economy.


They have also engaged in cooperation on hot spot issues that affect international security such as the nuclear programs of Iran and the Korean Peninsula, as well as on Afghanistan, and Sudan.


The defense legislation eliminates geographic constraints by substituting a situational threshold (situations that "gravely affect the peace and stability of Japan") rather than limiting support to "situations in areas surrounding Japan".


On the sidelines of the meetings, Foreign Minister Miroslav Lajcak of Slovakia, which assumes the chairmanship of the European Union this year, told China Daily that the EU believes the South China issue should be solved "in a direct dialogue of parties affected".


RETURN TO NEGOTIATIONS

According to Wang, all foreign ministers agreed at the meeting that the South China Sea disputes are not an issue between China and ASEAN and the disputes should not be allowed to affect the overall situation of the cooperation between the two sides.


Title China's rights over South China Sea 'unaffected' by Tribunal ruling


China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights will not be affected by the ruling from unilaterally initiated arbitration by the Philippines on the South China Sea issue announced in July, a top Chinese diplomat said on Monday.


Furthermore, Liu said the ruling will not affect China's commitment to peaceful development.


Such moves are done within China's own territory, and will neither target nor affect any third party.


"Nice, Turkey, other events - the ASEM Summit provided the right and flexible framework for us to talk openly and frankly about events unfolding across the world that affect us all.


How will the award affect China's dotted line in the South China Sea.


Reporter:

How will the award affect China's dotted line in the South China Sea.


Such highly irresponsible moves have become the major source of risks that affect peace and stability in the South China Sea.


Why the US concept of "freedom of navigation and overflight" is wrong

There has never been any incident affecting freedom of navigation or overflight in the South China Sea, through which 16,000 vessels pass each year.


When asked whether the South China Sea ruling would affect the court's credibility, Cheng says any ruling made without sufficient legal grounds would certainly affect a court's credibility.


In doing so, China and the Philippines have reached important consensus, including, to peacefully settle through negotiation their relevant disputes in the South China Sea; to exercise restraint in handling relevant disputes and refrain from taking actions that may lead to an escalation; to commit themselves to pursuing practical maritime cooperation and joint development; and that the relevant disputes should not affect the healthy growth of bilateral relations and peace and stability in the South China Sea region.


When asked whether the South China Sea ruling would affect the court's credibility, Cheng said any ruling made without sufficient legal grounds would certainly affect a court's credibility.


In August 1951, Foreign Minister Zhou Enlai, in his Statement on the United States

-British Draft Peace Treaty with Japan and the San Francisco Conference, pointed out that "as a matter of fact, just like all the Nan Sha Islands, Chung Sha Islands and Tung Sha Islands, Si Sha Islands (the Paracel Islands) and Nan Wei Island (Spratly Island) have always been China's territory, occupied by Japan for some time during the war of aggression waged by Japanese imperialism, they were all taken over by the then Chinese Government, following Japan's surrender", "Whether or not the United States-British Draft Treaty contains provisions on this subject and no matter how these provisions are worded, the inviolable sovereignty of the People's Republic of China over Nan Wei Island (Spratly Island) and Si Sha Islands (the Paracel Islands) will not be in any way affected.


This Law explicitly states: "The provisions in this Law shall not affect the historic rights that the People's Republic of China enjoys.


"China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea shall, under no circumstances, be affected by those awards.


China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea shall under no circumstances be affected by those awards.


Both sides agree to exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities in the South China Sea that would complicate or escalate disputes and affect peace and stability.


Efforts must be made to prevent small incidents from becoming large, as they can affect the overall bilateral relationship.


Such a psychological imbalance has not only affected Japan's nongovernment circles, but also influenced government policies toward China.


It said both sides also agreed to continue discussions on confidence-building measures to increase mutual trust and confidence, and exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities in the South China Sea that would complicate or escalate disputes and affect peace and stability.


"The dispute on the South China Sea has affected China-ASEAN relations in recent years and it was mainly because the declaration on the conduct was not effectively followed," he said.


An energy imports cut-off enforced during hostile conditions may trigger a rapid collapse of China’s economy and paralyze its military forces, hence One Belt One Road and Specially the Gulf Pearl Chain which includes all the six GCC countries as well as Iraq and Iran would be a major breakthrough to reduce its dependence on SLOCs on one side and increase Economic and regional integration as it would connect West Asia with Southeast and East Asia which would be a win-win situation to all the partners.
”

The plan fits with China’s economic, security, military, and diplomatic strategy as well as long term strategic requirements Long Term Goals

In the 21st Century China has emerged as the world’s

top trading nation

hence it needs to ensure that it has timely, efficient, and secure access to markets and resources, and therefore facilitation of trade and investment is one key focus.


R hit an all-time low as there were serious confrontations between them

hence China started confronting U.


Although the economic scales of these countries are relatively small, as are their populations once the co-operation is successful, it can not only play a demonstration role for the entire Middle East, but also can also prove as a pioneering example for the OBOR initiative, as according to me though China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is considered as flagship of OBOR

but we look at it

carefullyit

’s only a bilateral agreement between two all-weather friends hence the real multilateral success will come after creation of the Gulf-Pearl Chain which will connect this countries by a network of roads and railways as well as oil pipe line to the western part of China through CPEC.


Agricultural Cooperation: These countries depend on foreign exports for agricultural products hence it provides a market for Chinese agricultural products, beyond this China seeks to co-operatein arid zone agriculture, water-saving irrigation, Muslim food, food security, animal husbandry and veterinary medicine.


As a leader of the Non-Aligned Movement founded in Belgrade in 1961, India attaches great importance to independent, non-aligned diplomacy and hence does not want to become a chess piece of any geopolitical game.


Pemmaraju Sreenivasa Rao, a former chairman of International Law Commission, said the tribunal failed to recognize that issues of interpretation and application in this case are integrally linked to the issues of sovereignty and maritime delimitation, hence made the decision much less persuasive.


Such a conclusion seriously reduces the traditional Chinese fishing grounds, especially for those fishermen from Taiwan, and hence will aggravate, rather than help reduce, the fishing disputes in the region.


Following up, Allison notes the Belfer Center at Harvard University studied 16 of the major world conflict situations in modern times and found that in 12 cases, major wars erupted as a consequence of the Thucydides Trap.


思想文化建设取得重大进展。加强党对意识形态工作的领导，党的理论创新全面推进，马克思主义在意识形态领域的指导地位更加鲜明，中国特色社会主义和中国梦深入人心，社会主义核心价值观和中华优秀传统文化广泛弘扬，群众性精神文明创建活动扎实开展。公共文化服务水平不断提高，文艺创作持续繁荣，文化事业和文化产业蓬勃发展，互联网建设管理运用不断完善，全民健身和竞技体育全面发展。主旋律更加响亮，正能量更加强劲，文化自信得到彰显，国家文化软实力和中华文化影响力大幅提升，全党全社会思想上的团结统一更加巩固

。

We have made significant advances on the theoretical and cultural fronts.


China’s cultural soft power and the international influence of Chinese culture have increased significantly.


We have made all-round efforts in the pursuit of major country diplomacy with Chinese characteristics, thus advancing China’s diplomatic agenda in a comprehensive, multilevel, multifaceted way and creating a favorable external environment for China’s development.


The Party’s ability to innovate, power to unite, and energy to fight have all been significantly strengthened; Party solidarity and unity have been reinforced, and our engagement with the people has been greatly improved.


同时，必须清醒看到，我们的工作还存在许多不足，也面临不少困难和挑战。主要是：发展不平衡不充分的一些突出问题尚未解决，发展质量和效益还不高，创新能力不够强，实体经济水平有待提高，生态环境保护任重道远；民生领域还有不少短板，脱贫攻坚任务艰巨，城乡区域发展和收入分配差距依然较大，群众在就业、教育、医疗、居住、养老等方面面临不少难题；社会文明水平尚需提高；社会矛盾和问题交织叠加，全面依法治国任务依然繁重，国家治理体系和治理能力有待加强；意识形态领域斗争依然复杂，国家安全面临新情况；一些改革部署和重大政策措施需要进一步落实；党的建设方面还存在不少薄弱环节。这些问题，必须着力加以解决

。

But we must be very clear: There are still many inadequacies in our work and many difficulties and challenges to face.


The aspirations of the people to live a better life must always be the focus of our efforts.


Outside China, we have been confronted with sluggish global economic recovery, frequent outbreaks of regional conflicts and disturbances, and intensifying global issues.


We have taken comprehensive steps to deepen reform swiftly but steadily, and worked with resolve to remove institutional barriers in all areas.


*

We have made significant advances on the theoretical and cultural fronts.


China's cultural soft power and the international influence of Chinese culture have increased significantly.


Decisive progress has been made in the fight against poverty: more than 60 million people have been lifted out of poverty, and the poverty headcount ratio has dropped from 10.


As a result, the entire Party and the whole country have become more purposeful and active in pursuing green development, and there has been a clear shift away from the tendency to neglect ecological and environmental protection.


Across-the-board efforts to conserve resources have seen encouraging progress; the intensity of energy and resource consumption has been significantly reduced.


Ecological and environmental governance has been significantly strengthened, leading to marked improvements in the environment.


We have made all-round efforts in the pursuit of major country diplomacy with Chinese characteristics, thus advancing China's diplomatic agenda in a comprehensive, multilevel, multifaceted way and creating a favorable external environment for China's development.


We urge them to strengthen their consciousness of the need to maintain political integrity, think in big-picture terms, follow the leadership core, and keep in alignment, and to uphold the authority of the Central Committee and its centralized, unified leadership.


With this, we have prompted historic shifts in the cause of the Party and the country.


The Party's ability to innovate, power to unite, and energy to fight have all been significantly strengthened; Party solidarity and unity have been reinforced, and our engagement with the people has been greatly improved.


But we must be very clear: There are still many inadequacies in our work and many difficulties and challenges to face.


There are still large disparities in development between rural and urban areas, between regions, and in income distribution; and our people face many difficulties in employment, education, healthcare, housing, and elderly care.


It means that scientific socialism is full of vitality in 21st century China, and that the banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics is now flying high and proud for all to see.


It will be an era for the Chinese people of all ethnic groups to work together and work hard to create a better life for themselves and ultimately achieve common prosperity for everyone.


What we now face is the contradiction between unbalanced and inadequate development and the people's ever-growing needs for a better life.


At the same time, China's overall productive forces have significantly improved and in many areas our production capacity leads the world.


This has become the main constraining factor in meeting the people's increasing needs for a better life.


We must recognize that the evolution of the principal contradiction facing Chinese society represents a historic shift that affects the whole landscape and that creates many new demands for the work of the Party and the country.


We must uphold the Four Cardinal Principles, continue to reform and open up, be self-reliant, hardworking, and enterprising, and strive to build China into a great modern socialist country that is prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced, harmonious, and beautiful.


In the scientific truth of Marxism-Leninism, Chinese progressives saw a solution to China's problems.


Our Party was deeply aware that, to achieve national rejuvenation, it was critical to topple the three mountains of imperialism, feudalism, and bureaucrat-capitalism that were oppressing the Chinese people, and realize China's independence, the people's liberation, national reunification, and social stability.


It has united the people and led them in conquering countless challenges, making enormous sacrifices, meeting setbacks squarely.


The South China Sea issue is not on the agenda of the upcoming 25th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Economic Leaders' Meeting, and is not within the topics of the meeting's discussions, Vice-Foreign Minister Li Baodong has said Friday.


China hopes that the meeting will focus on economic cooperation of the Asia-Pacific region and could achieve some progress in areas such as development and inclusive growth to further consolidate consensus and outline the great prospects for Asia-Pacific cooperation, Li said.


On the regional level, Trump needs to recognize that much has changed in the region since his predecessor instigated a rebalancing to Asia strategy to reinforce the US' leadership role in the Asia-Pacific.


On a nation-to-nation level, Trump's upcoming visit to China, which will make him the first foreign head of state to visit the country after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, offers the opportunity for China and the US to iron out their differences and inject fresh vigor into their bilateral cooperation, the momentum of which should not be stalled due to their frictions over trade and other issues.


Doing so would enable the two sides to send a positive signal that they are capable of properly handling their differences and are willing and able to work together for the good of themselves, the region and the world.


YIN BOGU

/ XINHUA

US President Donald Trump's first state visit to China, coming at a "historic moment" after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, is expected to be a successful trip with significant results in trade, the Korean Peninsula and other issues, China's top envoy in Washington said on Monday.


"It is clear that if only China is making efforts, while others are doing things that could lead to escalation of tensions, this issue would not be solved, and it would become even more difficult, and the end result would hurt everybody's interests," he said.


cn]  

US President Donald Trump's first state visit to China, coming at a "historic moment" after a key Party congress in Beijing, will be a successful trip with significant outcomes on trade, the Korean Peninsula and other issues, China's top envoy in Washington said on Monday.


"It is clear that if only China is making its efforts, while others are doing things that could lead to escalation of tensions, this issue would not be solved, and it would become even more difficult, and the end result would hurt everybody's interest," he said.


"I am quite confident there would be a significant outcome or what people might call 'deliverable' on the economic and trade front for the president's visit," he said.


At the conclusion of the president's visit, when the two sides have their respective press releases, there would be significant outcome on the economic side.


Cui also said it would take time to narrow the gaping US trade deficit with China, as it is a "structural" problem; one of the main reasons for the trade imbalance is the different positions of China and the US in the global production chain.


Cui said that if the US side could lift some of the restrictions it has in place on some exports to China, of high tech products for civilian use, that could greatly increase US exports and help achieve more balanced trade between the two sides.


"We are intensifying our efforts on discussion of the COC, the code of conduct, and we are making good progress," Cui said.


"I think it would certainly be better if others, including the United States, would not try to interfere in this constructive process, would not try to create obstacles to early agreement on the code of conduct.

In recent years, Japan has developed a penchant for confronting China over issues of regional and international significance even though China's stance on these issues is fair and reasonable.


Japan already has a trilateral strategic dialogue with Australia and the US, and one with India and the US, so by seeking to revive the old momentum for the so-called quad, it has also revealed its intention to try and hinder the efforts of China and the members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to ease tensions in the South China Sea, which have recently made significant progress with the agreement on a framework for a Code of Conduct in the waters.


President Xi Jinping expressed appreciation for Brunei Darussalam’s continued adherence to the One-China Policy and support for the peaceful development of Cross-Straits relations and the peaceful reunification of China.


China will further support the sustainable development of Brunei Darussalam’s economy and its diversification endeavours.


Third, the Association of Southeast Asian Nations wants an assurance from China that the Code of Conduct in the South China Sea will be honored in both letter and spirit even if it is not legally binding, which is also what China wants.


At the same time, China's improved relationship with the Philippines has set a good example for countries on how to properly handle their differences.


Indeed, there is no serious cause for conflict if Washington is willing to accommodate Beijing's rise

The collapse of the Soviet Union left the United States alone at the pinnacle of power.


Since then, much of the US foreign policy establishment has searched for a new enemy to justify a military buildup.


Perhaps most significant, the Pentagon said that "China's leaders remain focused on developing the capabilities to deter or defeat adversary power projection and counter third-party intervention, including by the United States - during crisis or conflict.


Even if Beijing desired to threaten the US homeland, conquer US territories or interdict US commerce, it has little ability to do so.


Are

Americans prepared to sacrifice domestic needs for defense, not of their own nation but of allied states that underfund their own militaries.


Since then much of the US foreign policy establishment has searched for a new enemy to justify a military buildup.


Perhaps most significant, the Pentagon noted that, "China's leaders remain focused on developing the capabilities to deter or defeat adversary power projection and counter third-party intervention including by the United States－during crisis or conflict.


Even if Beijing desired to threaten the US homeland, conquer US territories, or interdict US commerce, it has little ability to do so.


Are

Americans prepared to sacrifice domestic needs for defense not of their own nation, but of allied states which underfund their own militaries.


Indeed, there is no serious cause for conflict if Washington is willing to accommodate China's rise.


Singapore holds special significance to Chinese diplomacy not only because of its longstanding role as "middleman" between China and the West, but also because it is the current official coordinator of China-ASEAN relations, and will assume the presidency of ASEAN next year.


Right before coming to China, Lee said if overall relations are good, a steady stream of economic and trade cooperation projects will naturally ensue.


(Excerpts from Xi's speech at the opening ceremony of the fifth Foreign Ministers' Meeting of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia held in Beijing in April, 2016)

"We in China would not be intimidated by the U.
actions, not even if the United States sent all 10 aircraft carriers to the South China Sea.


These will range from the policies of different countries and regional developments to opportunities for individual industries.


It will significantly reduce the cost and time for travelers and for the flow of goods within the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Bay Area city cluster.


South China Sea by Fang Jianping / China DailyWhether

the Donald Trump administration will order the US Navy to conduct more "freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea in the next few months will serve as a barometer for the international community to gauge the sincerity of the United States in not only continuing its good relations with China but also in maintaining peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


US media reports say the Pentagon is mulling more regular patrols in the South China Sea, perhaps two to three a month as proposed by the US Pacific Command, to emphasize the importance of "freedom of navigation" in the waters claimed by China.


Although the US Navy had been sailing freely around the world for decades, the Barack Obama administration started the controversial practice in the disputed waters of the South China Sea with the specific purpose of confronting China.


Considering that Trump is yet to explicitly explain his Asia-Pacific policy, by continuing the patrols he will also continue the confrontational policy of Obama.


It should also be mentioned that, thanks to efforts of China and some Southeast Asian countries, the South China Sea disputes have markedly de-escalated, which means the US will lose its high moral ground if it continues to act as a self-appointed referee in the region.


Last month, the foreign ministers of China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations member states endorsed the framework for a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea in Manila, marking a significant step forward in building peace in and stabilizing the region.


Against such a backdrop, China is justified in interpreting the muscle-flexing by the US military in the name of "freedom of navigation" as a threat to regional peace and stability.


A series of accidents involving US military vessels in the Pacific

this year－the US Navy lost 17 sailors in two of these accidents－provides ready proof that the US move can be a threat to its own military personnel as well.


Instead of following Obama's policy, Trump should be advised to come up with a better Asia-Pacific policy that would help deepen cooperation, not trigger a confrontation, in the region.


The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that Harry Harris, commander, United States Pacific Command, is likely to be the next US ambassador to Australia.


Even though Harris' record seems to justify the speculation, I believe it is an inaccurate job description for Harris, or anyone who takes up that post.


Premier Li Keqiang met with Turnbull in Canberra in March at the fifth China-Australia Annual Prime Ministerial Meeting.


Some Americans believe Harris, if he does get the ambassador's post (as former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon hoped he would), would make efforts to prevent Australia from getting closer to China.


Australian leaders, like the leaders of other countries in the Asia-Pacific region, have repeatedly said they don't want to be forced into choosing between China and the US.

The Washington Post reported on Tuesday Harry Harris, the commander of the US Pacific Command, is likely to be the next US ambassador to Australia.


Even though Harris' record seems to justify the speculation, I believe that's an inaccurate job description for Harris, or anyone who takes up that post.


Some Americans believe Harris, if he does get the ambassador post (as former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon hoped he would), wants to prevent Australia from getting too close to China.


The spirit of openness and inclusiveness that Singapore espouses is also an important feature of the East Asia Summit (EAS), which, over the past 13 years, has become a significant platform for dialogue and cooperation and played a substantial role in enhancing understanding and trust among participating countries and promoting development and prosperity in the region.


This has been the result of both the perseverance and enterprise of countries in the region and their joint endeavors to promote mutually beneficial cooperation and seek common ground while shelving differences.


Fifth, we need to conduct dialogue and cooperation in political and security areas.


The Commander of the US Pacific Command, Admiral Harry Harris, testifies before a House Armed Services Committee hearing on "Military Assessment of the Security Challenges in the Indo-Asia-Pacific Region" on Capitol Hill in Washington, US, April 26, 2017.

The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that Harry Harris, the commander of the US Pacific Command, is likely to be the next US ambassador to Australia.


Even though Harris' record seems to justify the speculation, I believe that's an inaccurate job description forHarris, or anyone who takes up that post.


But if Trump's obsession with US trade deficits is justified, then the US needs to address its large trade surplus with Australia.


It is set to greatly expand win-win cooperation between the two Asia-Pacific nations.


Chinese Premier Li Keqiang met Turnbull in Canberra in March for the fifth China-Australia Annual Prime Ministerial Meeting.


Some Americans believe Harris, if he does get the ambassador post(as former White House chief strategist Steve Bannonhoped he would), wants to prevent Australia from getting too close to China.


Australian leaders, like other government leaders in the Asia-Pacific, have repeatedly expressed the sentiment that they don't want to be forced to choose between China and the US.


In an apparent bid to quell Western concerns over a series of accidents involving US naval vessels, General Terrence O'Shaughnessy, the US Pacific Air Forces commander, insisted the US "freedom of navigation" operations in the South China Sea have not suffered a setback and the US military will continue them to combat China's territorial claims.


McCain was the latest US vessel to collide — with a tanker off Singapore on Aug 21 — in what was the fourth accident involving a US naval warship in the Pacific this year.


The US should rethink its "freedom of navigation" policy for the safety of its military personnel, if not for anything else.


And if the US believes in such preposterous ideas, its naval vessels will continue to pose a threat to not only other ships but also its own military personnel.


"Qatar has shown it is going to go in a different direction," said Kristian Coates Ulrichsen, a research fellow at the James A.


In recent days, however, Saudi Arabia announced it would allow Qataris to make the annual hajj pilgrimage, which is required of all able-bodied Muslims once in their life.


His film productions In the Face of Evil and Generation Zero are manifestations of his ambition.


And by means of his intuitive grasp of rising populism behind the US facade of democracy, he eventually won the most important battle of his life in 2016 by masterminding Donald Trump's campaign.


Since the days before the birth of the US, the South China Sea had been calm and mostly peaceful until Washington "pivoted" its military to the West Pacific some years ago.


Today, by projecting China into its target line, Bannon has been jeopardizing not only US interests but the fate of the West Pacific and even the whole of humanity.


But likewise, looking back over the last nine months or so and tracing the improvement in their relations, it is evident that territorial disputes, if handled with care, do not have to be an obstacle to friendly ties and mutually beneficial cooperation.


The good momentum in China-Philippines ties caters to the interests of both countries and does a power of good to the region as a whole by setting a good example for other countries on how to properly manage differences.


China has long proposed that countries shelve their differences and jointly exploit the resources in the South China Sea.
Sending its troops to trespass in Chinese territory is not justifiable on security grounds either.


Yet in referring to it as "the Indo-Pacific" at a summit of Southeast Asian leaders, he once again showed that is what the United States is bringing to the Asia-Pacific.


Yet his bid to pit China against its Asia-Pacific neighbors will find no takers, because it was so out of sync with what the annual Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit and its related meetings were focusing on — enhanced trade, and peace and security in the region.


Trump warned DPRK last week it would face "fire and fury" if it threatened the United States, prompting DPRK to say it was considering plans to fire missiles towards the Pacific island of Guam.


North Korea's threat to fire towards Guam had prompted Trump to say earlier that the US military was "locked and loaded" if DPRK acted unwisely.


"These training flights with Japan demonstrate the solidarity and resolve we share with our allies to preserve peace and security in the Indo-Asia-Pacific," the US Air Force said.


"

He said that if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula and in its vicinity, testing the self-restraint of the DPRK, the latter will make an important decision as it already declared," KCNA said.


The agreement signed in Beijing on Tuesday to improve communication, relations and exchanges between the militaries of China and the United States is a significant effort to manage the differences between them and avoid miscalculations.


While it is natural for China and the US to have differences in many areas, there is no reason their differences should stand in the way of efforts to develop better bilateral ties unless one side keeps pushing the envelope to find the other’s bottom line, and thus risk crossing it.


Which is something the US military has been doing with its so-called freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea since former US president Barack Obama initiated his strategy of rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific.
Sending its troops to trespass in Chinese territory is not justifiable on security grounds, either.


So should China use force if India continues to refuse to withdraw its troops.


The ASEAN Regional Forum, for one, is the largest multinational security dialogue in the Asia-Pacific region.


Aspiring to balance the demands of all its member states without making any party "uncomfortable", ASEAN also influences, though in limited capacity, the security agendas on East Asian and Asia-Pacific affairs.


The framework for the Code of Conduct, despite not having specific provisions and clauses as of now, is not an "accommodation of Chinese interests".


By seizing every opportunity to paint China as a "military threat" in the region, especially to Japan, the Abe administration hopes to be able to push though changes to the country's pacifist Constitution and play a bigger role as an accomplice of the US in the latter's efforts to undermine China's influence in the region, in order to serve Tokyo's ambitions for regional leadership.


On China-Philippines ties, he said, "There is no shame having good relations with any state, even if there are disagreements".


On the South China Sea issue, the ministers said the progress made on a code of conduct showed that the two sides have the ability to control differences and manage disputes.


It was lauded as a significant step towards a regional code of conduct and in reducing tensions in the area.


Wang said all the achievements made have testified to China and ASEAN having the wisdom and ability to properly manage disputes, formulate a set of regional rules that all recognize and preserve peace and stability in the South China Sea.


Fifth, to fully implement the China-ASEAN Joint Statement on Production Capacity Cooperation and boost each other's industrialization process.


Over these 15 years, we have engaged in all-round, multi-tiered and wide-ranging cooperation which has delivered bountiful outcomes.


China-ASEAN relations have gone beyond the bilateral scope and gained increasing regional and global significance.


We established and upgraded the largest FTA among developing countries whereby over 90% of our goods can trade at zero tariff.


We set an example of working together to properly manage differences.


In 2002, China and ASEAN countries signed the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC), laying a solid foundation for managing differences and strengthening cooperation.


Our steady and growing relationship has been underpinned by our abiding commitment in following respects: First, a commitment to mutual respect and seeking common ground while reserving differences.


Our shared adherence to the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence and the ASEAN Way and common preference for resolving differences through dialogue and consultations have contributed to greater mutual trust and to peace and stability in East Asia.


In the unique East Asian civilization, different ethnicities, religions and cultures have long lived side by side, and shaped a regional tradition of harmony in diversity.


The protocol on upgrading the China-ASEAN Free Trade Area and negotiations on the product specific rules of origin have been completed.


Embracing the new wave of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation, China and ASEAN have both placed innovation high on the development agenda.


Fifth, we need to expand security cooperation.


We will carry out friendly exchanges between our military think tanks and young and middle-aged officers, deepen cooperation in such areas as disaster prevention and reduction, humanitarian assistance, military medical sciences and counter-terrorism, and explore the possibility of setting up an ASEAN warehouse of disaster relief equipment in order to make our cooperation more diversified and productive.


All this testifies to the resolve of regional countries to address the South China Sea issue with a constructive approach and jointly shape the rules of the region.


All the afore-mentioned achievements testify to the fact that China and ASEAN have the wisdom and capability to properly manage the disputes, formulate a set of regional rules that we all recognize, and preserve peace and stability in the South China Sea, according to the Chinese foreign minister.


"The use of (the Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea), existing operational channels for communication, participation in (Rim of the Pacific Exercise)- instances such as this, search-and-rescue efforts, are where those positive interactions and familiarity pay dividends," he added.


Countries in the South China Sea have every justification to be on the alert against countries outside the region that intend to disrupt regional peace, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said on Friday.


Wang said where there are overlaps of maritime rights and interests, if one party goes for unilateral development the other party will take similar actions, possibly complicating the situation.


Bilateral ties have developed significantly, Wang said, and it is necessary that the two countries make decisions soon to benefit both.


"If possible, I avoid being dependent on the government, although it is difficult.


It is often approached by researchers from different universities around the world, asking for internships.


4 million of the population — or 9 percent — in the 15-19 age bracket

, he worries there could be upheaval in the streets if the country's youth do not agree with the election result.


Xi told Trump that China and the US should stick to the principles of mutual respect and reciprocity, concentrate on cooperation and manage and control their differences.


In recent years, with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe clinging to his ultra-right, revisionist thinking, Tokyo has been constantly pushing the boundaries prescribed by its pacifist Constitution and creating a bigger role for its Self-Defense Forces to play both at home and abroad.


Against this backdrop, the maneuvering of the Izumo symbolized a significant step for Japan in its efforts to fulfill the Abe administration's strategic ambition overseas.


Japan may try to consolidate its role as the "deputy sheriff" of the United States in the region by whipping up anti-China sentiments in the countries involved in the South China Sea disputes.


The two sides commend the development of the bilateral relations following the meeting between the two Presidents at Mar-a-Lago and are both committed to work, in accordance with the consensus reached by the two Presidents at that meeting, to make joint efforts to expand mutually-beneficial cooperation, manage differences on the basis of mutual respect, and promote the sound and steady development of China-US relations in the long term.


The two sides are willing to strengthen dialogue and cooperation to promote peace, stability and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region.


The two sides reaffirm their commitment to achieving the goal of complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization and maintaining peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula.


The two sides reiterate their commitment to implement the Memoranda of Understanding on Confidence Building Measures including Notification of Major Military Activities and Rules of Behavior for Safety of Air and Maritime Encounters.


The two sides decided to increase their support for UN peacekeeping, including rapid deployment of UN peacekeeping missions and ensuring the safety and security of peacekeepers, China and the US committed to strengthening third-party cooperation regarding peacekeeping capacity-building in Africa and to work together with African partners to identify key peacekeeping capability gaps for capacity-building by the end of 2017.


The two sides reiterated their commitment to the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery.


The two sides are continuing to implement the China-US Joint Statement on Nuclear Security Cooperation, hold annual bilateral dialogue, deepen practical cooperation, and make good use of such platforms as China's National Center of Excellence on Nuclear Security and the China Customs Radiation Detection Training Center, providing public goods on nuclear security for the Asia-Pacific and the rest of the world.


Title China-ASEAN strategic partnership a boon to Asia-Pacific


China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) adopted here Wednesday the China-ASEAN Strategic Partnership Vision 2030, widely seen as an ideal model for cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region.


China and ASEAN are firmly committed to good-neighborliness and friendship while enhancing political and security ties to create stability across the Asia-Pacific.


Tensions in the South China Sea have significantly cooled down, generating positive regional momentum.


The China-ASEAN Free Trade Area (FTA), the largest regional FTA in the world in terms of population, went into effect in 2010, removing tariffs on more than 90 percent of goods traded between China and ASEAN members Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Brunei, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam.


China and ASEAN have advocated people-to-people exchanges and mutual learning among their different and numerous civilizations.


Speaking in Washington on Monday, Susan Thornton, acting assistant secretary of the US State Department Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, said: "We hope that the Diplomatic and Security Dialogue will continue the positive momentum from that Mar-a-Lago meeting.


"We remain committed to a policy that aims to expand cooperation with China where it's possible and also to narrow our differences on key issues.


"The high-level dialogue, as the specific implementation of the leaders' consensus, will enable both sides to sit down and exchange views on issues of common concern in order to reach a certain degree of agreement," he said.


In its annual report to the United States Congress last week, the Department of Defense said China is using non-military "coercion" to gain control of strategic waters in the Asia-Pacific region.


The Pentagon report on China's military and security developments said, "China continues to exercise low-intensity coercion to advance its claims in the East and South China seas", adding that Beijing's tactics involve the use of "timed progression of incremental but intensifying steps to attempt to increase effective control over disputed areas and avoid escalation" of military conflicts.


In fact, the frequent US military deployments and reconnaissance by US aircraft and warships over Chinese territory are responsible for raising tensions in the Asia-Pacific, the ministry said.


Since such an exchange of rhetoric reflects the differences between China and the US on the South China Sea issue, there is need to analyze the nature of frequent US patrols near China's Nansha Islands in the name of freedom of navigation.


There is little doubt that the so-called freedom of navigation activities of the US warships within 12 nautical miles off the Nansha Islands without China's prior permission cause security concerns for China and could lead to unpredictable accidents, which would go against the spirit of the memorandums of understanding between the militaries of China and the US on mutual notification on major military events and possible air or sea encounters.


If US warships continue to patrol the waters off the Nansha Islands under the garb of "freedom of navigation", China will have to firmly safeguard its sovereignty and security, including fortifying its territorial waters in the South China Sea.


Annual Report on Promoting the Rule of Law in China(2016)

China Law Society June, 2017 Table of Contents Preface China made new and great achievements in promoting the rule of law by firmly taking the socialist road of the rule of law with Chinese characteristics and firmly advancing the law-based governance of the country under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China in 2016: it persisted in scientific legislation and democratic legislation with the quality becoming better and better; it exercised administration by law thoroughly and strictly standardized fair and civilized law enforcement with conspicuous achievements in the construction of a law-based government; it made tremendous efforts to advance the judicial reform, improve the judicial management system and the mechanism for the exercise of the judicial power, standardized the judicial behaviors and strengthened oversight over judicial activities with judicial credibility further growing; it noticeably increased the people’s consciousness of the need to promote the rule of law by giving wide publicity and education on the rule of law and improving the mechanism for the popularization of the law; and it reaped rich fruits in the construction of the socialist law-based culture with Chinese characteristics by constantly innovating and developing legal education and legal research.


Its main contents are: one, it clarifies that the “charitable activities” herein refer to the public benefit activities carried out voluntarily by natural persons, legal persons, and other organizations in the forms of donating property and providing services: such as helping the poor and needy, assisting the elderly, orphans, the ill and disabled, and providing special care, alleviating losses incurred by natural disasters, accidents, public health incidents and other emergencies, promoting the development of education, science, culture and public health and sports, and protecting environments.


Two, it clarifies the definition of charity organization and the procedure for its establishment, standardizes its code of conduct and internal management and defines its obligation for the transparency of information.


Three, it clarifies that charity fund raising includes public fund raising activities directed at society at large and targeted fund raising activities directed at special targets, and prescribes special standards for public fund raising.


Four, it clarifies the record system for charitable trusts, the scope of trustees and the obligations of trustees and supervisors.


It improves the relevant system and measures for administration, strengthens supervision over financial sources and use of their funds and clarifies the corresponding legal responsibilities.


It upholds the principles of active utilization, scientific development, law-based management and guarantee for security, clarifies the responsibilities of the competent departments, operators and users of the networks for cyber security, and established the basic management system for guaranteeing national cyber security to provide the legal guarantee for maintaining the security and order in the cyber space and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of the people.


Its main contents are: One, it clarifies the important place of traditional Chinese medicine and the principle for its development, and makes it clear that traditional Chinese medicine includes medicines of the Han and all other nationalities living in China.


Its main contents are: One, it clarifies the extents of the public culture service, that is, public cultural facilities, cultural products, cultural activities or other relevant services in which the government takes the lead and social resources participate, and which are supplied mainly for the purpose of satisfying the basic cultural demand of citizens.


Two, it clarifies the principles that should be observed for public cultural services, that is, adhering to the orientation for the advancement of the advanced socialist culture, adhering to the people as the center, and adhering to the guidance of the socialist core values; and, giving support to the creation and production of fine public cultural products to enrich the content of public cultural services in accordance with the policy of "letting a hundred flowers blossom and a hundred schools of thought contend".


Three, it clarifies the standards for the basic public cultural services and the systems for free public cultural service facilities or preferential admission and public notices on public cultural services.


In accordance with the principle of “level shift from pollution discharge fee to the tax burden”, it clarifies the systems for tax payers, targets for taxation, basis for taxation, tax items, tax amount, tax collection and management.


——Revising the Law on the Protection of Wildlife.


The NPC Standing Committee revised the Law on the Protection of Wildlife in July.


The revision upholds the principles of giving priority to the protection of wildlife, rational utilization of wildlife resources and strict supervision and control, further strengthens the protection of wildlife and its habitat, improves the systems and measures for the protection of wildlife, supervision and control.


It explicitly prohibits the production and sale of foods made of wildlife under special government protection and their products, and explicitly prohibits the illegal purchase of wildlife under special government protection and their products for food.


It increases guard against and punishment to the illegal capture and hunting of wildlife, and illegal trading of wildlife.


In order to advance the reform of classified management and promote the healthy development of privately-run schools, the NPC Standing Committee adopted the decision on revising the Law on Promoting Privately-run Schools in November.


It clarifies the classified management of privately-run schools, prohibits the establishment of profitable privately-run schools, improves the mechanism for the management of privately-run schools by legal persons, increases the government measures to support privately-run schools, and includes provisions on the issue of transition from current privately-run schools.


It adopted another decision in November on revising the Foreign Trade Law and eleven other laws and making changes to the similar or relevant clauses and paragraphs in the laws related to administrative examination and approval and the acceptance of professional qualifications.


The NPC Standing Committee made two decisions in August 2013 and December 2014 on authorizing the State Council to make temporary adjustments to the administrative examination and approval prescribed in the relevant laws in the pilot free trade zones in Shanghai, Guangdong, Tianjin and Fujian and made a explicit provision that if the relevant reform measures “proved to be workable in the three years of experiments, the relevant laws should be revised and perfected.


(3) Make the Interpretation on Article 104 of the Hong Kong Basic Law

In the light of the advocacy of “Hong Kong independence” by individual members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region when taking oaths and their words and acts insulting the country and nation and the disputes arising from them inside the Legislative Council and the society of Hong Kong as a whole, the NPC Standing Committee exercised the power conferred on it by the Constitution and the Basic Law of Hong Kong, adopted an interpretation of Article 104 of the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, making it clear that the provision in the article “swear to uphold the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and swear allegiance to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China” is both the statutory content that must be included in the oath prescribed in the article and the statutory requirement and qualification for entering in the contest for or taking an official post listed in the article; it makes clear the statutory procedure and content that must be abided by in taking the oath for an official post; and it makes clear the legal consequence of losing the qualification for taking the official post after violating the provision on oath taking and the legal responsibility for taking a false oath or contravening the oath.


(4) Promoting Scientific Legislation and Democratic Legislation

The NPC Standing Committee attached importance to further improving the mechanism and methods for the legislative work and strengthened organization and coordination to improve the precision and accuracy of the legislative work.


The NPC Standing Committee inspected the implementation of six laws, including the Food Safety Law, the Work Safety Law, the Road Traffic Safety Law, the Environmental Protection Law, the Water Law and the Law on Promoting the Transformation of Scientific and Technological Achievements.


The NPC Standing Committee inspected the implementation of the Food Safety Law, by laying emphasis on risk monitoring, risk assessment and classified risk management, the implementation of the relevant laws and systems related to food production and sale to prevent risks and the implementation of the supervisory laws and systems in the whole process, the implementation of the legal responsibility systems and the implementation of the relevant laws and systems for supervision over special foods and the social governance of food safety.


When inspecting the implementation of the Law on Promoting the Transformation of Scientific and Technological achievements, the NPC Standing Committee focused its attention on the principal role of enterprises strengthened by local governments and departments in the transformation of scientific and technological achievements, and the measures they took to encourage schools of higher learning and research institutions to transform scientific and research achievements and improve the services provided for the transformation of scientific and technological achievements, the use and disposal of scientific and technological achievements and management of the income from them, and the implementation of the law related to awards and remunerations for scientific and research achievements made on jobs, and the main problems pending solutions.


Three, it heard the report from the State Council on the environmental situation and the fulfillment of the targets for environmental protection in 2015 and the report on the construction and management of the natural preservation zones to push forward the comprehensive implementation of the strictest legal system for environmental protection and solve the outstanding environmental problems to which the people had expressed strong negative sentiments and make efforts to promote the green development mode and lifestyle.


It notified the suggestion makers with conclusions after the NPC Standing Committee finished the examination of the statutes and judicial interpretations within its competency, but transferred the suggestions to other normative documents not within its competency to the relative state organs for handling them.


China also uses multilateral platforms such as the Xiangshan Forum and the Shangri-La Dialogue to discuss security and defense cooperation with Asia-Pacific members and others.


"We should intensify counterterrorism efforts, address both the symptoms and root causes, and strive to eradicate poverty, backwardness and social injustice," Xi said in a speech at the opening ceremony of the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in Beijing last month.


Because although the Department of Defense openly identifies China as one of the US' "potential adversaries" — along with Russia, Iran and Democratic People's Republic of Korea — in its "Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request", the report appears genuine about the non-aggressive nature of Chinese military progress.


No country can afford to leave its economic lifelines unprotected.


The Chinese president holds that the all nations should come together from different directions to resolve disputes through peaceful means, and should reject the arbitrary use or threat of force.


While visiting the Arab League in January last year, the Chinese president said "only when young people are able to live a fulfilled life with dignity through development can hope prevail in their heart.


"Never have we seen such close interdependence among countries as today, such fervent desire of people for a better life, and never have we had so many means to prevail over difficulties," he said.


The Gulf region is in Unique geo-political position, as it connects three continents Asia, Africa and Europe

this geographical position gives it a vital strategic Significance in One Belt One Road Initiative.


This paper emphasizes on significance of Middle East in China’s One Belt One Road Initiative as well as increasing mutual interdependency between the China and Gulf Countries in various sectors such as Energy, Construction and Infrastructure building, Political ties, Human resources, Agriculture, Defence ties and Regional security measurements.


The scope of OBOR, is quite large, covering more than 60 countries thus, this great ambition will require significant resources like technological, human, financial and political that will need to be garnered globally to realise the vision as the Belt and the Road will run through Asia Africa and Europe it will directly link the East Asian economies to the West Asian and further to the European economies.


The One Belt One Road initiative talks about two different routes A land route called as The Silk Road Economic Belt—a series of land-based infrastructure projects including roads, railways, and pipelines—focuses on strengthening links between China, Central Asia, Russia, and Europe, and a sea route, known as the “Maritime Silk Road” or simply the “Road,” made up of ports and coastal development, begins from China’s eastern ports and goes on to Southeast Asia, South Asia, East Africa and then on to West Asia and the Mediterranean, embracing Greece and Venice and ending at Rotterdam.


(China Focus I, 2015) Significance of Middle East to China and its One Belt One Road Initiative

The middle east region is in distinctive geographical position connecting 3 continents of Asia, Africa, and Europe.


Hence today China and Middle East need to co-operate with each other more than any period in the history of mankind, large scale of energy imports, diversified economic relations, the solidification of the power ambitions, and current diplomatic conversion have made China to gradually increase its participation in the economic governance of Middle East.


UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, signify a kind of black pearls scattered along the Arabian Sea and the Persian Gulf (as historically this region was famous for abundance in black pearls)

these countries are very much interested in OBOR, they currently have good economic development and political stability, at the same time enjoy a level of financial strength as people here are comparatively wealthy then other Middle Eastern countries.


People-to-people bonds (providing public support for implementation)

China’s emergence as an important state providing economic governance in Middle East in general and the Gulf Region in particular China

’s participation in Middle East Economic governance and specially in the gulf region has its own characteristics in governance goals, which is different from its western counterparts and for this it also faces criticism from the west and specially from the US as free rider in this region.


The focus of Western powers reform in terms of the governance objective is to promote democracy and security which tends to be short-lived and with little success, China places great importance on livelihood and development of the people, it says that if these countries are helped in enhancing their independent developmental capacities it will prove as a permeant solution.


Outer Space Technology: China has advanced aerospace technology, complete scientific research system as well as a complete set of industrial facilities.


Bahraini King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa’s visited China in September 2014 while serving as GCC president to build new opportunities through sustainable development.


The extremist terrorist forces are very much active in this region, in the last two years, the ISIS terrorist forces have grown fast in Syria and Iraq they have occupied cities in this states, the area controlled by ISIS groups has become a place for the aggregation and diffusion of global extremist and terrorist forces.


It is estimated, that only South Asia and South-East Asia will need at least 3,6 trillion US$ over the period 2010 –2020 in domestic infrastructure investment if they are to meet the needs of their growing population and of the trend towards urbanisation

(Bhattacharyya et al, 2012).


If we take into consideration the entire region of OBOR total estimated cost is going to increase day by day

hence it will be responsibility of all the partners to finance this project as per their capabilities with a combination of public and private, domestic and international financing sources, customized to the specific circumstances of countries and projects.


The OBOR lacks central coordination, as many routes and local construction are to be carried on by local or regional governments which may create delays and hurdles if State’s won’t cooperate with each other.


6 billion China has launch of China Pakistan Economic Corridor as a flagship project of OBOR and if succeeded would be a big relief for China as it could able its landlocked western region to the Arabian sea.


But the real first Multilateral Pilot Project of the OBOR would be Persian Gulf Chain which has specimens of all the obstacles that China will face in the broader concept of OBOR initiative and if succeeded it will not only benefit the two sides but will also open a new markets and trade routes for the Gulf Countries as the One Belt One road Initiative would connect Gulf economies with the Southeast and East Asian economies and with economic integration can become a pioneering modelof Greater South -South co-operation.
vifindia.


Bianchi, “China–

Middle East Relations in Light ofObama

’s Pivot to the Pacific” Middle East Institute, National University ofSingapore,retrieved on 19 January 2017 fromfile:///F:/India/New%20folder/obor%20important.


However, brokering cross-industry trade routes across many different nations that vary in terms of wealth and legal sophistication is a complex matter.


Although ISDS is often associated with international arbitration under the rules of the World Bank’s International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes or the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law, dispute settlement often takes place under the auspices of international arbitral tribunals governed by different rules or institutions such as China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre, or the Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission.


In summation, these protections, and the more specific ones laid out in the individual treaties, signal that China is seriously addressing investor rights in its creation of the OBOR routes.


Indeed, it seemed for the better part of the last 10 years that many states were fleeing ISDS and that the practice may fall into obscurity in favor of other dispute resolution tools, especially in light ofthe United States withdrawing from the Transpacific Partnership (TPP) which would have anchored ISDS among the international community.


which has never lost an ISDS case, was squeamish about the possibility of having foreign powers, even if impartial, decide if it had committed any wrong doing.


However, another superpower, like China, using ISDS signals that perhaps the practice is not dead, and instead may find new life with the economically progressive Xi Jinping.
ISDS, with the support of a global economic and political super power like China, will find fertile ground among the OBOR trade routes, and the paradigm established will likely facilitate the growth and proliferation of ISDS in other parts of the world.


The combined gist of the speeches made by four Chinese participants follows: The present situation in the Asia-Pacific region is generally stable and positive.


President Xi Jinping has proposed to build a community of shared destiny for humankind, and advocated an Asian security concept featuring common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, which offer new ideas about how to break the "security dilemma" in international relations, create a new pattern for security cooperation in the Asia-Pacific, and maintain lasting peace in the region.


China has strived to develop and improve friendly and cooperative relations with other countries in the Asia-Pacific.


As President Xi has said: "Never have we seen such close interdependence among countries as today, such fervent desire of people for a better life, and never have we had so many means to prevail over difficulties.


So let's work together and blaze a new trail of Asia-Pacific security featuring joint construction and mutual benefit.


At the last Shangri-La Dialogue and at other workshops in the Asia-Pacific region, how to enhance maritime confidence-building measures or prevent conflict at sea have always been hot topics.


Although there are different interpretations of UNCLOS, it clearly stipulates that in exercising their rights of freedom of navigation and overflight, states shall have due regard to the rights and duties of the coastal state and shall comply with the laws and regulations of that coastal state.


All countries must implement the 1972 Convention on the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea and member states of the Western Pacific Naval Symposium should honor the 2014 Code of Conduct for Unplanned Encounters at Sea (CUES) and avoid collision.


And the Chinese and the US militaries should further enhance the "Mutual Notification Mechanism of Major Military Activities" and "Rules of Behavior for Safety of Maritime and Air Encounters" to avoid conflict and confrontation.


The People's Liberation Army delegation to the Shangri-La Dialogue also made clear the Chinese military's pursuit of common security and its commitment to peaceful means to address disputes in the Asia-Pacific region, PLA researchers attending the event said.


"I told the audience to a special session that China made a national law to ensure the lawful use of waterways nearly 20 years ago and that some countries have been condemning China for compromising 'freedom of navigation' even as they themselves refuse to ratify the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea," Zhou said.


Mattis talked as if the US was a role model for observing international rules.


For example, in the South China Sea disputes, where Mattis and others accused China of throwing its weight around, Beijing has always championed dialogues and consultations as the only feasible way to resolve the differences with the parties concerned.


China has strived to develop and improve friendly and cooperative relations with other countries in the Asia-Pacific, with China-U.


He's remarks came in response to words from US Secretary of Defense James Mattis, who said in his speech delivered at the opening ceremony of this year's Shangri-La Dialogue on Saturday morning that the US "cannot accept Chinese actions that impinge on the interests of the international community, undermining the rules-based order that has benefited all countries" in the Asia-Pacific.


Lieutenant General

He also said China highly values its ties with the US and if the two sides could avoid conflicts and confrontations, honor mutual respect and cooperation and foster strategic trust, as well as improve control on crisis and risks, they will definitely have better relations and contribute more to regional and global stability and prosperity.


China dispatched two missile frigates to identify and warn the US naval ship to leave, and it condemned the incursion, reiterating its "indisputable sovereignty" over the Nansha Islands and their adjacent waters.


Such navigation in itself is worth no fuss, even if it is a first since Donald Trump assumed the US presidency.


Yet the US needs to justify its military's presence there, both to continue dominating the crucial strategic waterways and to assure regional allies and partners of its support.


Unless there is proof

this specific voyage was truly separate from political deliberations, it certainly will have its consequences as an inopportune episode when Beijing and Washington vow to collaborate more closely.


Liu said on Thursday that Beijing speaks highly of Duterte's friendly stance, calling it "a beautiful turnaround" after five years of difficult relations.


Bilateral relations suffered a setback in 2016 due to the flaring of regional tensions over the South China Sea disputes, but the fact that they quickly returned to a normal track, with a visit by Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong to Beijing in September last year, reflects the importance the two countries place on their bilateral relations and their ability to manage their differences.


According to Hua, China expects and believes the meeting will help the two countries manage differences, promote maritime cooperation and lead to resolving related disputes and creating a good atmosphere to enhance ties and cooperation in various areas.


Editor's Note:

Fu Ying, the chairperson of the Foreign Affairs Committee of China's National People's Congress, offers a Chinese perspective on the Korean nuclear issue, which has become the focus of attention in the Asia Pacific and the world.


It has now become the focus of attention in the Asia Pacific and even the world at large.


On the Korean nuclear issue, which has a direct bearing over regional security, China's position is to strongly oppose nuclear proliferation.


The international situation often evolves as the result of actions and counteractions by states over specific issues, whereby tension between states can rise and even intensify, leading the situation in an unexpected direction.


His visit came at a time of two significant world events.


First, on January 10, 2003, North Korea announced its withdrawal from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), resulting in the second Korean nuclear crisis.


Specifically, Powell said that the U.
withdrew all of its nuclear weapons from the Peninsula, with its Pacific Headquarters undertaking nuclear protection of South Korea.


In 1959, North Korea, with the help of the USSR, established the Yong- byon Nuclear Scientific Research Center for the peaceful use of nuclear energy.


In ex- change, the USSR signed an economic, scientific, and technological agreement with North Korea and pledged to provide it with new light water re- actors.


regarded the proliferation of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction as its most realistic and direct security threat.


The discussions also touched on setting up liaison offices and then lifting the offices to the level of diplomatic representatives at a later stage.
was completely different from its past hardline posture, but the gesture was ignored by the Bush administration.


assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs, immediately went to Pyongyang.


launched the Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI) with its allies in the East China Sea, the Yellow Sea, and the Indian Ocean.


As a signatory state to the NPT, China firmly op- posed any form of nuclear weapons proliferation and had been consistently advocating for the comprehensive prohibition and thorough destruction of all nuclear weapons as well as for the peaceful resolution of differences through negotiations.


The mission was successful, though not without difficulty.


could talk but would attack if the talks did not work; North Korea wanted to talk and get results, but would otherwise develop nuclear weaponry to protect itself from a possible attack.


The Chinese side disagreed with this and argued that if the U.


It was quite hard to see the difference between the two versions, especially for non-English speakers, but the American side insisted that these were the president's words.


I jokingly asked an American colleague: if the military option "is not off the table" and not necessarily on the table, then where could it be.


Even with the rosier picture for bilateral ties, it is not surprising that there are still some differences between the two countries.


Greater communication and engagement would bridge the differences and enable both sides to cherish the hard-won fruits in bilateral ties and pursue more.


TOKYO - A Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force "helicopter carrier" set sail to escort a US Navy vessel in the Pacific, marking the first time such a protection mission has taken place under the controversial new security legislation.


The latest actions of the ministry and the MSDF in particular deploying hardware and personnel into regions where there might be conflicts threaten to invalidate Japan's pacifist Constitution.


One proof of the distrust is that Canberra has almost always supported Washington in issues such as the South China Sea disputes, and the US' "freedom of navigation" operations near disputed waters and other major strategic maneuverings in the Asia-Pacific region.


Many see a stronger US military presence in Australia as serving the US' strategic interests in the Asia-Pacific and a major response to China's "rising assertiveness" in the region.


This is all the more surprising because the two economies remain highly complementary, and trade with China is playing a significant role in boosting the Australian economy.


Fortunately, insightful people in Australia have begun to see Canberra's ties with Beijing differently.


With efforts of such kind, it is believed Beijing and Canberra can gradually dispel their mutual distrust and differences, and forge a steady and stronger relationship, so as to realize more mutual benefits and jointly contribute to regional peace and development.


With its aircraft carriers and their vessel formations, China's navy can patrol the Pacific and Indian oceans to safeguard its national economic as well as scientific and technological interests.


And since no new maritime force is likely to replace an aircraft carrier-based formation in the next couple of decades, China has no choice but to develop its capability to build aircraft carriers if it wants to develop a navy with a wider reach.


A country that possesses aircraft carriers can establish an integrated strategic system through unifying the organizational and command mechanism and adding the cohesive edge to its combat ability by fortifying its defense system.


More important, China will not abandon its defensive military and national defense strategy even if it builds more aircraft carriers.


Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning returns to Qingdao, China after Pacific drill, January 13th, 2017.


This is all the more reason Beijing should intensify its research in and enhance its capacity to build aircraft carriers.


Six of the 11 US aircraft carriers are deployed in the Pacific Ocean and the rest in the Atlantic Ocean, which help Washington to maintain a formidable maritime presence across the globe.


Since aircraft carriers will continue to play a key role in securing open sea operations, China's efforts to design and build a competent carrier from scratch are more than justified.


The two countries have extensive shared interests as well as underlying disparities which, if not addressed, could lead to confrontations.


Military development is a crucial part in the country's endeavor to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity, and is not meant to counter the US' presence in the Asia-Pacific region.


It has also been conducting more so-called freedom of navigation missions in the South China Sea reconnaissance activities near China's exclusive economic zones, apart from enhancing its military deployment in the Asia-Pacific.


"But over the last two 20 years, that shifted to China.


Such talks could get very tough, and if they do not go well, the Trump administration could harden its stance toward China, he cautioned.


Calling for talks to resolve the DPRK crisis, Paal said if the talks fail, then stronger pressure should be exerted on the DPRK with tougher sanctions.


As the Taiwan question concerns China's core national interests, by uplifting the Japan-Taiwan relations to an unprecedentedly high level, Tokyo risks crossing Beijing's bottom line on the issue and it will have to bear any consequences that may arise from its duplicitous behavior.


Abe has been relentlessly pushing to get Japan deeply involved in the South China Sea disputes to justify his country's bigger military presence in the international arena.


And he will no doubt want to keep hyping up the issue to distract the attention of those at home from the land scandal in which he and his wife have become embroiled.


Yet while it may suit Abe to play up the South China Sea issue, he should be aware the more he does, the more people in the region will not deem Japan to be a responsible country, an image Japan has to establish in the first place if it wants to be treated as a normal country.


But if Wng Yi's trip concluded with a broad consensus to support globalization, tap the potential of the two countries' economic complementarity, and enhance trust and win-win cooperation, and created a friendly and welcoming atmosphere for the imminent visit of Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Australian Minister of Foreign Affairs

Julie Bishop's "unusually pointed message to China" in her recent speech in Singapore seemed to purposely seek to create a counter-effect.


In her speech entitled "Change and uncertainty in the Indo-Pacific: Strategic challenges and opportunities", Bishop called on the United States to stay in the Indo-Pacific and assume leadership for peace and prosperity, labeling China a "non-democracy".


This so-called non-democracy has undertaken the lion's portion of the global endeavor to eliminate poverty and continues to contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by lifting over 10 million people out of poverty each year, creating an ever increasing middle-income population that enjoys overseas trips to countries such as Australia, a growing demand that is yet to be fully catered to.


This so-called non-democracy was responsible and bold enough to sign and ratify the Paris Climate Agreement despite the fact that it has all reasons not to as a developing country.


And having signed and ratified it, it will not retreat from its commitment.


However, the calm was disturbed by the seemingly justified claim of having "the right to continue to sail and fly through the shipping lanes".


There is only one thing that can justify the Australian foreign minister's pride and prejudice (definitely not sense and sensibility).


She was calling on the US to stay in the Indo-Pacific.


The foreign minister's sensitivity to the existence of US in the region only testifies to how unstable the current regional architecture is.


The author is an associate research fellow with the China National Committee for Pacific Economic Cooperation.


Yet the two demonstrations have evoked different reactions.


So what is the difference between the two.


But Lotte's case is different.


Moreover, the tactics adopted by the anti-KFC and anti-Lotte protesters were different.


So Lotte might not have suffered huge losses in the domestic market if it had rejected the deal.


And even if some consumers in South Korea boycotted Lotte goods and services, the Chinese market could have covered the resulting losses.


People everywhere are anxious to see China and the US transcend their differences and jointly contribute to peace and development.


During a recent closed-door seminar endorsed by Washington-based Hudson Institute and New Delhi-based Vivekananda International Foundation, scholars from both countries said cooperation between India, the United States and Japan is necessary to "face the Chinese assertiveness" in the strategic Indian Ocean and Pacific regions.


That Washington has started seeking closer defence ties with New Delhi and Tokyo does not justify their contain-China "mission".


In doing so, Obama accelerated negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement that excludes Beijing, beefed up the US-Japan military alliance, and sent warships near China's islands in the South China Sea in the guise of "freedom of navigation".


But the three-country mission, if designed to contain China, is not likely to work.


What drives Washington to keep the two allies closer is its false perception that Beijing may weaken its alliances across the Indian and Pacific oceans.


2 Circuit Courts of the Supreme People's Court had accepted 4,721 cases, concluded 4,573 cases and received 73,000 visitors in total, and have become the "experimental units" and "pacesetters" of the judicial reform conducted by the Supreme People's Court, and realized the original intention to delegate the adjudicative power, facilitate initiation of lawsuits by the people, settle disputes locally and safeguard the unification of legal system.


On June 20, 2016, the Supreme People’s Court promulgated the guidelines on preventing and punishing the persons lodging false charges, instructing the courts in all regions to identify the elements of false charges, and enhance the examination of and punishment against false charges, to safeguard the credibility and order of lawsuits.


In July 2016, the Supreme People's Court issued a notice requiring the people’s courts in all regions to further regulate and promote response to administrative lawsuits pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Administrative Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China, and providing that if the principal or related staff members of an administrative organ do not appear in the court personally and just appoint an attorney to appear in the court, or if the principal of an administrative organ fails to appear in the court at the written request of the people’s court, the people's court shall record the fact in the case file and state it in the judgment, and may issue public notices thereon according to law, and suggest that the appointing authority, supervisory authority or the administrative organ at the higher level should impose serious punishments on the responsible persons.


The General Affairs Office of the CCCPC and the State Council jointly promulgated the regulations on recording, circulating notices of criticism on and investigating and affixing the responsibility for officials’ interference with judicial activities and handling of specific cases.


The Supreme People's Court formulated the measures for the implementation of such regulations, which provide that each people's court, at whatever level, shall establish a database of interference with cases by outsiders in its case information management system; the staff members of people’s courts shall record in a complete, truthful and timely manner the correspondences, letters and oral opinions relating to any specific cases passed on by any external organizations or individuals outside the legal proceedings; each people’s court shall summarize and analyze the information in its database of interference with cases by outsiders involving interference by officials on a quarterly basis, prepare a special report thereon and submit the same to the departments concerned and the people's court at the higher level; any staff member of a people's court who fails to record such information or to record such information truthfully or any official in charge who incites any staff member not to record such information or not to record such information truthfully shall be subject to disciplinary actions depending on the actual circumstances.


China

’s

courts have achieved positive results in the development of the mechanism of judicial protection of human rights through pushing forward the reform of the litigation system centering on trials, strictly implementing the legal principles that crimes shall be punished only under the law, judgments shall be made upon evidence and presuming innocent until proven guilty, scientifically applying the policy of balancing leniency and severity, actively preventing cases in which people were unjustly, falsely or wrongly charged or sentenced and protecting the lawyers' right to practice according to law.


The courts in Wenzhou, Zhejiang have improved the mechanism for protecting personnel testifying before court, promulgated detailed rules on policemen’s appearance in court as witnesses, provided remote rooms for offering testimonies, devices for concealing faces of witnesses and other appropriate facilities, established the mechanism for protecting the rights and interests of witnesses in conjunction with the public security and procuratorial organs, and formulated the standard of subsidies for witnesses testifying before court.


As a country that has to defend its interests both at home and abroad, China is justified in spending a moderate percentage of its GDP to modernize its military.


In terms of per capita military spending, an important index to gauge a country's defense budget, China's is minimal: it is one-eighteenth that of the United States, one-ninth of Britain, one-fourth of Japan, one-seventh of France and one-fifth of Russia.


"Of all the conflicts and wars in the world that have killed and displaced so many people and caused significant loss of property, which one is China to blame for.


The State sets up Supreme People's Court, local people's courts at different levels and special people's courts such as military courts.


The Supreme People's Court, as the highest judicial organ of the People's Republic of China, is responsible for adjudicating various cases that have material effects nationwide or are subject to its adjudication according to law, formulating judicial interpretations, supervising and guiding the judicial work of local people's courts at different levels and special people's courts, and managing certain judicial administration work of the courts nationwide within the scope of its functions and powers as per laws.


Local people's courts at different levels include primary people's courts, intermediate people's courts and higher people's courts.


The Decision of the CCCPC on Some Major Issues Concerning Management of State Affairs under the Rule of Law in an All-round Way adopted at the 4th Plenary Session of the 18th CCCPC set the establishment of a socialist system of rule by law with Chinese characteristics and the building of a socialist country under the rule of law as the general objective of advancing management of state affairs under the rule of law in an all-round way, and put forward a series of major reform measures in scientific legislation, strict law enforcement, judicial impartiality, universal law abiding and other areas.


In consideration that the improvement of classified management of judicial personnel, improvement of judicial accountability, improvement of job security of judicial personnel and promotion of centralized management of personnel, financial and material resources of local courts below the provincial level are basic measures of the reform of the judicial system, according to the principle that major reforms shall be first conducted on a pilot basis, China launched pilot reforms in respect of the aforesaid four issues in some provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government in three batches, to accumulate experience for advancing the reform in an all-round way.


The proposal for any pilot program in respect of judicial reform made by a higher people's court is subject to examination and approval by the Supreme People's Court, and if it involves any major reform, by the Central Government.


Junior judges are subject to professional qualification examination by provincial-level judge selection committees, and nomination, appointment and removal according to the legal procedures by provincial-level governments in a centralized manner.


In some provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, the funds required by local courts below provincial level are fully included in the budgets of the Central Government and of the provincial-level governments; the provincial-level financial departments manage the funds required by local courts below provincial level; all the courts at the provincial, municipal and county levels are classified as first-level budgetary units and prepare and submit their respective budgets to the provincial-level financial departments; their budgetary funds are appropriated from the central payment system of the Treasury.


2 Circuit Courts of the Supreme People's Court had accepted 4,622 cases, concluded 4,534 cases and received 73,000 visitors in total, and have become the "experimental units" and "pacesetters" of the judicial reform conducted by the Supreme People's Court, and realized the original intention to delegate the adjudicative power, facilitate initiation of lawsuits by the people, settle disputes locally and safeguard the unification of legal system.


As pilot trans-regional people's courts, these two courts are responsible for adjudicating major civil, commercial, administrative, environmental and resource protection, food and drug safety and certain criminal cases involving different administrative regions, to ensure fair adjudication of cases involving local interests.


In order to further enhancing judicial protection of intellectual property rights (IP) and unifying the adjudicative criteria for IP cases, with the approval by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, IP courts were established in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou on November 6, December 16 and December 28, 2014 respectively.


Considering that an administrative case is subject to jurisdiction of the court in the place where the administrative organ as the defendant is located and may be subject to interference by local administrative organs, according to the overall arrangement by the Central Government, the courts in all regions have been exploring the establishment of a system of jurisdiction over administrative cases relatively separate from administrative divisions, through escalation of the jurisdiction to the higher level, cross-jurisdiction among different regions, relatively centralized jurisdiction and otherwise, carrying out reforms of the jurisdiction system with different characteristics, to practically solve serious problems in administrative lawsuits, such as difficulty in case filing, difficulty in trial and difficulty in enforcement.


On June 20, 2016, the Supreme People's Court promulgated the guidelines on preventing and punishing the persons lodging false charges, instructing the courts in all regions to identify the elements of false charges, and enhance the examination of and punishment against false charges, to safeguard the credibility and order of lawsuits.


In July 2016, the Supreme People's Court issued a notice requiring the people's courts in all regions to further regulate and promote response to administrative lawsuits pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Administrative Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China, and providing that if the principal or related staff members of an administrative organ do not appear in the court personally and just appoint an attorney to appear in the court, or if the principal of an administrative organ fails to appear in the court at the written request of the people's court, the people's court shall record the fact in the case file and state it in the judgment, and may issue public notices thereon according to law, and suggest that the appointing authority, supervisory authority or the administrative organ at the higher level should impose serious punishments on the responsible persons.


Establishing the system of recording and circulating notices of criticism on officials' interference with judicial activities and handling of specific cases.


The General Affairs Office of the CCCPC and the State Council jointly promulgated the regulations on recording, circulating notices of criticism on and investigating and affixing the responsibility for officials' interference with judicial activities and handling of specific cases.


The Supreme People's Court formulated the measures for the implementation of such regulations, which provide that each people's court, at whatever level, shall establish a database of interference with cases by outsiders in its case information management system; the staff members of people's courts shall record in a complete, truthful and timely manner the correspondences, letters and oral opinions relating to any specific cases passed on by any external organizations or individuals outside the legal proceedings; each people's court shall summarize and analyze the information in its database of interference with cases by outsiders involving interference by officials on a quarterly basis, prepare a special report thereon and submit the same to the departments concerned and the people's court at the higher level; any staff member of a people's court who fails to record such information or to record such information truthfully or any official in charge who incites any staff member not to record such information or not to record such information truthfully shall be subject to disciplinary actions depending on the actual circumstances.


The Supreme People's Court, in conjunction with the departments concerned, formulated the regulations on protecting judicial personnel in performing their statutory duties by operation of law and the measures for implementing such regulations, which expressly provide that no administrative organ, social organization or individual may interfere with the adjudication of cases by judges as per law; no entity or individual may request any judge to do anything beyond the scope of his/her statutory duties; except for legal causes or according to legal procedures, no judge may be transferred to a different post, removed from office, dismissed, demoted or discharged or subject to any other punishment; any person who interferes with or obstructs any judicial activity, threatens, disturbs, takes revenge on, frames up, insults, defames or commits violence towards any judicial person or any close relative thereof shall be subject to serious punishment immediately according to law; and any person who insults or defames any judge by submitting any false report, lodging false accusations or fabricating false charges through the information network or otherwise shall be held liable under the law, so as to create a favorable institutional environment for judges to perform their duties.


China's courts have achieved positive results in the development of the mechanism of judicial protection of human rights through pushing forward the reform of the litigation system centering on trials, strictly implementing the legal principles that crimes shall be punished only under the law, judgments shall be made upon evidence and presuming innocent until proven guilty, scientifically applying the policy of balancing leniency and severity, actively preventing cases in which people were unjustly, falsely or wrongly charged or sentenced and protecting the lawyers' right to practice according to law.


On July 20, 2016, the Supreme People's Court, in conjunction with the Supreme People's Procuratorate, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of State Security and the Ministry of Justice, promulgated the guidelines on pushing forward the reform of the criminal litigation system centering on trials, which emphasize the principles that crimes shall be punished only under the law, presuming innocent until proven guilty, judgments shall be made upon evidence and centering on court trials, clarify the centrality of the judicial proceedings in criminal lawsuits, and require strengthening the substantialness of court trials and improving the mechanism of supervision over investigation and prosecution activities, and preventing extortion of confessions by torture, collection of evidence through illegal means and other illegal acts from the source, so as to ensure that court trials play a decisive role in finding the facts, admitting evidences, protecting the right of action and making judgments fairly, and the facts of cases found during investigations, prosecutions and trials will be proved to be true according to law.


The courts in all regions have been actively pushing forward the reform of the criminal litigation system centering on trials, as a result of which the rate of investigators, experts and witnesses testifying before court has increased significantly and the rule of excluding illegal evidence has been widely implemented.


The courts in Wenzhou, Zhejiang have improved the mechanism for protecting personnel testifying before court, promulgated detailed rules on policemen's appearance in court as witnesses, provided remote rooms for offering testimonies, devices for concealing faces of witnesses and other appropriate facilities, established the mechanism for protecting the rights and interests of witnesses in conjunction with the public security and procuratorial organs, and formulated the standard of subsidies for witnesses testifying before court.


Since then, rounds of consultations have been held with significant progress being made and some early harvest results being achieved.


The significance of negotiating such a framework is self-evident:

The escalating of tensions over the South China Sea disputes in recent years was largely the result of a lack of binding principles to regulate the behavior of various parties in the waters.


However, the push for an agreement on a framework for a code of conduct demonstrates that China and the ASEAN members share the political will to resolve their differences.


It will be totally wrong if Trump administration takes Sino-US ties as a zero-sum game in the Asia-Pacific region.


Tensions intensified in South China Sea along with the so-called arbitration case over the sea dispute between China and the Philippines in July last year, but eased gradually after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte took a different approach from his predecessor Benigno Aquino III.


As such, intervention by major powers such as the US and China to curb piracy could make a difference to the situation.


Singapore's Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen said on Sunday that how the US and China engage with each other and Asian countries will be key to the stability of the Asia Pacific region.


Similarly for China, if its efforts are viewed as means to usurp US as the resident Pacific power.


The Trump administration's Asia-Pacific policy, will be vital to the stability and prosperity of Southeast Asia.


So he could deploy more strategic and diplomatic resources in the Asia-Pacific region and also seek counseling from the Asia policy advisers of his presidential election rival Hillary Clinton.


As a result, the "rebalancing to Asia-Pacific" strategy, which Trump has shown little interest in carrying forward, could be back in the geopolitical game.


Asia-Pacific is a vast region that be inclusive for both China and the US, but there is a risk that tensions between Beijing and Washington will escalate if Trump continues with Obama's tactical legacy.


And how will the ever-intensifying "China Threat" being voiced in Japan impact the relations of the two neighbors.


In the context of globalization, industry will always shift their operations to places with lower costs.


Is it really the case that America's economic difficulties are being caused by others, without considering any problems of its own.


But if Japan were to build an encirclement of China through cooperation with ASEAN countries, I think it is nothing but wishful thinking.


Therefore, the so-called encirclement will not make it and will not make any difference even if it were to be built.


Q:

In Japan, the proposition of "China Threat" has long been playing a dominant role among officials in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, giving a "justifiable reason" for various arrangements like building new military bases in Okinawa and deploying Self-Defense Forces (SDF) in Miyakojima and Yaeyama.


There are also some young officials in the foreign affairs ministry whose political style is much different from the older generation.


The rise of unilateralism and protectionism along with nationalism and populism, the resurgence of strong-arm politics, intensified geopolitical competitions, and incessant regional turbulence and conflicts all pose serious challenges to the global security order and rules.


First, the consensus on managing a crisis to avoid a head-on confrontation remains even though the competition between major countries has intensified.


Concern over expanding geopolitical competition The geopolitical competition has extended to multiple fields, shifting from coordination and cooperation to confrontation and rivalry.


Which signifies a radical change in the US' policy on China.


Fifth, China's relations with neighbors, including India, Japan and member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, have greatly improved, although some hotspot issues could recur such as the Diaoyu Islands dispute, the South China Sea issue and the boundary dispute between China and India.


The rapid creation and application of new technologies including artificial intelligence, biotechnology, big data and cloud computing have brought about changes in production methods, and people's thought process and lifestyles.


The US withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal and the INF Treaty has had a big impact on regional and global strategic stability and cast a shadow on the nuclear nonproliferation regime and global nonproliferation efforts.


This philosophy, if incorporated in global security governance, will make the world a secure and better place for all countries and peoples.


In the face of increasing competition and friction, will they move toward confrontation, or make an effort to manage and control their competition and differences.


In order to advance the development of bilateral crisis management mechanisms, the two countries should adopt a series of specific measures, such as strengthening the crisis management function of the heads-of-state, military, and diplomatic hotlines and make sure that they play critical roles in controlling contingencies and crises.


To reestablish strategic mutual trust, China and the US should strive to reach agreement on a security framework for the Asia-Pacific.


For a long time, the two sides have been having serious differences on the Asia-Pacific security framework, especially on the question of America's bilateral military alliances in this region.


On the basis of the UN Charter and norms of international law, the two sides should continue cooperating in the fields of nonproliferation, nuclear safety and security, counterterrorism, security in global public domains such as sea lanes, cross-boundary crimes, financial stability, infectious diseases, and international relief operations.


That China sticks to its strategic choices and international commitments is of great significance to stabilizing China-US relations.


"The fact that it was cordial, and the discussion' s tenor reflects that both leaders understand that while differences remain, they need to be addressed through dialogue and diplomacy," Mahaffee said.


The fact that their shared interests far outweigh their differences determines that if there is a clash between them, "both will lose and both cannot afford that", as Foreign Minister Wang Yi said earlier this week during a visit to Australia.


Trump is a businessman and he knows that if war breaks out, businesses will suffer," Lorenzana told Bloomberg News in an interview in Manila.


While pledging to stay neutral if tensions between the US and China continued to escalate in the South China Sea

, Lorenzana also said the Philippines will not wage war over the South China Sea islands.


However, Li said, it remained to be seen whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of "Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet".


"This is an area that needs clarification," he said of the Trump administration.


Asked if there is a possibility of confrontation or war there between China and the US, Roy said there is a danger of confrontation.


"China's position on the South China Sea is consistent, and our actions are justified," she said.


However, Li said, it remained a question whether Washington would follow up on Tillerson's proposal because of "Trump's unpredictability and the different opinions within the Cabinet".


According to reports, Spicer on Monday said that, "it's a question of if those islands are in fact in international waters and not part of China property, then yeah, we're going to make sure that we defend international territories from being taken over by one country.


So as to safeguard the two sides' interests and the overall development of Northeast Asia, it is essential for the two countries to establish a relationship that will not be easily swayed by a third party and sign a fifth political document based on consensus on the long-term development of bilateral relations.


On one hand, Japan's economy has encountered many difficulties after 20 years of sluggish economic growth due to various factors including its slow decision-making process and limited domestic market.


Leaning toward China on the economic and trade front is not easy for Japan, but it would be quite significant and conducive to both countries in the long term.


In this sense it would mean a lot to the future of multilateral trade and globalization if the two could bridge their differences and reach a consensus.


While the improvement of relations with China will help lift Japan's prestige in the international community and increase its discourse power on the Korean nuclear issue.


In third party markets, China and Japan should shift from competition to win-win cooperation to reduce unnecessary frictions.


Speaking of the Belt and Road Initiative, it should be noted that the Japanese government can only guide and encourage enterprises to take part in specific programs.


Douglas Paal, vice-president for studies and director of the Asia program at Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, believes raising tariffs against China will be hard due to opposition in Congress.


House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said early this month that "we're not going to be raising tariffs.


Rex Tillerson (C), former chairman and chief executive officer of Exxon Mobil, arrives between Senators' Bob Corker (L)

(R-TN) and Ben Cardin

(2NDR)

(D-MD) prior to testifying before a Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be US secretary of state, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.


Charles Armstrong, a professor of history at Columbia University and an expert on the Korea Peninsula, said these are the strongest sanctions imposed so far, but he is not sure if the sanctions alone could make the DPRK cease its nuclear and missile testing.


China's warming relationship with both the Philippines and Vietnam also came at a time when Trump announced to withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement.


"I think there is every potential for the US and China to work together, coopting AIIB, OBOR, and other big initiatives under Xi Jinping administration into a common agenda in the Asia-Pacific region," said Paal of Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.


During his presidential campaign, Trump talked about slapping 45 percent tariffs on Chinese exports, triggering wide concern about a possible trade war between the world's two largest economies.


He threatened to impose punitive tariffs on imports from China.


Though he has not mentioned the 45 percent tariff for a long while, he continued to say that the US is disadvantaged by China in trade, including blaming then-president Bill Clinton for allowing China to join the World Trade Organization (WTO).


"I believe China and the US can resolve any disputes through dialogue and negotiation and that the bilateral commercial relationship will not significantly stray from the path of mutual benefit," Sun said.


Douglas Paal, vice-president for studies and director of the Asia program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, believes raising tariffs against China will be hard, due to opposition in Congress.


House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said early this month that "we're not going to be raising tariffs".


After a North Korea nuclear test in January 2016 that China has "total control" over North Korea and that if China doesn't "solve the problem, we should make trade very difficult with China".


Charles Armstrong, a professor of history at Columbia University and an expert on the Korean Peninsula, said these are the strongest sanctions imposed so far, but he is not sure if the sanctions alone could make the DPRK cease its nuclear and missile testing.


"A resolution of the problem can only be reached if there are positive inducements for North Korea to give up or suspend its nuclear program, and that would have to involve dialogue with the US," he told China Daily.


It will be interesting to see if Trump adjusts Washington's policy on this issue," Carpenter said.


China's warming relationship with both the Philippines and Vietnam also came at a time when Trump announced its intent to withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement.


com   

US President-elect Donald Trump and his wife Melania take part in a Make America Great

Again welcome concert in Washington on Thursday.


REUTERS /

Jonathan Ernst   

Wilbur Ross, secretary of commerce nominee, testified at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee.


chen weihua / china daily   

Rex Tillerson testifies before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his nomination to be secretary of state.


Beijing and Manila agree to manage maritime issue through consultation Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is expected to visit China again and attend an international summit, after his state visit in October significantly improved China-Philippine ties.


Since being elected president, Duterte has shown his intentions to play down and resolve maritime disputes with China through negotiations, and paid a state visit to China in October, which significantly eased tensions.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's just-concluded four-nation tour in the Asia-Pacific region is full of political calculation: He is trying to show Japan remains loyal to the US global alliance system and working hard to strengthen it despite its obvious decline in recent years.


In fact, Duterte's policy of estrangement from the United States, a major event last year, which is poised to shake up geopolitics in the Asia-Pacific region, has aroused a lot of concern among the US' allies, Japan included.


The multifaceted security woes the world is facing today, the rising non-traditional security risks, such as terrorism, in particular, indicate traditional security concepts which view nation-to-nation relations as a zero-sum game are not only banal but counterproductive in practice.


As such, Abe's ambition to enhance US alliance in the Asia-Pacific region will prove to be an uphill struggle.


Under such circumstances, it is hoped countries in the region, the Philippines included, will have little difficulty in seeing through Abe's plan to use themas pawns to stir up trouble.


Title Experts:

Sino-US ties will not undergo huge shift under Trump


"

Trump's 'America first' foreign policy will shift his attention away from overseas to domestic affairs, leaving more space for China and the US to negotiate on Asian issues," Jin said.


Lei Da, a researcher at the university's academy, believed China and the US should make concerted efforts more than ever to ascertain the big trends as well as individual difficulties and work towards consensus and solutions to "make globalization great again".


It is important to note that there are different voices around Trump and inside his team too, said Pillsbury.


The president-elect is open to different opinions from his ministers", hence one "cannot take the testimony of a Cabinet member as Trump's own view", he added.


"Personally I do not want a comprehensive confrontation with China, it is important that we reduce our differences in smallest areas," said Pillsbury.


cn

Retired US Marine Corps General James Mattis testifies before a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on his nomination to serve as defense secretary in Washington on Thursday.


Mattis, a retired US Marine Corps general, last served militarily as the 11th commander of the US Central Command and the Unified Combatant Command from 2010 to 2013.


Mattis, a lifelong bachelor, is known for his intellectualism and interest in military and world history and has a personal library of 7,000 volumes.


China, which remains firm on its territorial rights, also should approach the incoming administration of US president-elect Donald Trump through all available channels to control differences and manage any potential crises, they said.


At a confirmation hearing at the US Congress on Wednesday, Tillerson, the former Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO, said China's access to the islands is "not going to be allowed", after he was asked if he supported a more aggressive posture toward China.


Today, in accordance with the instructions of President Aliyev, a free trade zone is being created in Alat, on the territory of the Baku International Sea Trade Port, which will have special significance in making Azerbaijan an international transport hub.


China's State Council Information Office on Wednesday issued a white paper on China's policies on Asia-Pacific security cooperation.


China's Policies and Positions on Asia-Pacific Security Cooperation II.


China's Security Vision for the Asia-Pacific Region III.


China's Relations with Other Major Asia-Pacific Countries IV.


China's Participation in Major Multilateral Mechanisms in the Asia-Pacific Region VI.


China's Participation in Regional Non-Traditional Security Cooperation Conclusion

The Asia-Pacific region covers a vast area with numerous countries and 60 percent of the world's population.


In recent years, the development of the Asia-Pacific region has increasingly caught people's attention.


With the profound adjustment of the pattern of international relations, the regional situation of the Asia-Pacific area is also undergoing profound changes.


It has participated in regional cooperation in an all-round way and taken active steps in response to both traditional and non-traditional security challenges, contributing to lasting peace and common prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region.


China's Policies and Positions on Asia-Pacific Security Cooperation

Currently, the situation in the Asia-Pacific region is stable on the whole, with a strong momentum for peace and development.


The Asia-Pacific region is a stable part of the global landscape.


To address differences and disputes through negotiation and consultation is the major policy of countries in the region.


However, the Asia-Pacific region still faces multiple destabilizing and uncertain factors.


Asia's economy still faces significant downward pressure as a result of its structural problems as well as external economic and financial risks.


As an important member of the Asia-Pacific family, China is fully aware that its peaceful development is closely linked with the future of the region.


First, we should promote common development and lay a solid economic foundation for peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


Second, we should promote the building of partnerships and strengthen the political foundation for peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


Asia-Pacific countries have unique diversities.


Countries may become partners when they have the same values and ideals, but they can also be partners if they seek common ground while reserving differences.


How major countries in the Asia-Pacific region get along with each other is critical for maintaining regional peace and development.


All countries should make joint efforts to pursue a new path of dialogue instead of confrontation and pursue partnerships rather than alliances, and build an Asia-Pacific partnership featuring mutual trust, inclusiveness and mutually beneficial cooperation.


China is committed to building partnerships in different forms with all countries and regional organizations.


Chinese leaders have repeatedly elaborated on the concept of a community of shared future on many different occasions.


China is working to construct a community of shared future for countries along the Lancang-Mekong River and between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) as well as in Asia and the Asia-Pacific area as a whole.


Third, we should improve the existing regional multilateral mechanisms and strengthen the framework for supporting peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


China will shoulder greater responsibilities for regional and global security, and provide more public security services to the Asia-Pacific region and the world at large.


Fourth, we should promote the rule-setting and improve the institutional safeguards for peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


In 2014 China presided over the adoption of the updated Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea at the Western Pacific Naval Symposium held in China.


Fifth, we should intensify military exchanges and cooperation to offer more guarantees for peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


On the basis of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit, and mutually beneficial cooperation, China has increased interactions and cooperation with the armed forces of other countries, and intensified cooperation on confidence-building measures in border areas.


Sixth, we should properly resolve differences and disputes, and maintain a sound environment of peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region.


To handle them, the countries in the region should follow the tradition of mutual respect, seeking common ground while reserving differences, and peaceful coexistence, and work to solve disputes properly and peacefully through direct negotiation and consultation.


China's Security Vision for the Asia-Pacific Region Visions guide actions, and to solve new problems new visions are required.


Concept of Common, Comprehensive, Cooperative and Sustainable Security At the Fourth Summit of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia (CICA) held in May 2014, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, and a path of security featuring wide consultation, joint contribution and shared benefits in the Asia-Pacific region.


The countries involved should engage in sincere and in-depth dialogue and communication to increase strategic mutual trust, reduce mutual misgivings, seek common ground while resolving differences and live in harmony with one another.


Improving the Regional Security Framework The key to maintaining the long-term stability of the Asia-Pacific region is to build a security framework which is oriented to the future, accords with regional realities and meets all parties' needs.


First, the future regional security framework should be multi-layered, comprehensive and diversified.


Countries in the Asia-Pacific region differ in their historical traditions, political systems, levels of development and security concerns.


China promotes the building of a security framework in the Asia-Pacific region, which does not mean starting all over again, but improving and upgrading the existing mechanisms.


The Asia-Pacific area is a region where major powers come into frequent contact and where their interests are concentrated.


At the current stage, the parties should continue to focus on non-traditional security cooperation, and start from the easier tasks before moving on to more difficult ones, so as to build trust and lay a solid foundation for the framework.


China's Relations with Other Major Asia-Pacific Countries 1.


The two countries have maintained communication and coordination in the field of Asia-Pacific affairs through bilateral exchanges and relevant mechanisms at all levels, and agreed to build a bilateral relationship of positive interaction and inclusive cooperation in the region.


The two countries have stayed in a state of communication and cooperation on regional and global affairs, including climate change, counter-terrorism, marine environmental protection, combating wild life smuggling, and disaster prevention and reduction within multilateral frameworks such as APEC, East Asia Summit (EAS), and ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF).


Since 2015 the two militaries have continued to improve their two mutual-confidence-building mechanisms: the Mutual Notification of Major Military Activities and the Rules of Behavior for the Safety of Air and Maritime Encounters.


China and Russia have maintained good cooperation in Asia-Pacific affairs.


"Negotiation on the code of conduct has entered a very important phase," Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin said during a news conference to issue a white paper on China's policies on Asia-Pacific security cooperation.


Chen Qinghong, a researcher of Philippine studies at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations, said recent progress on the South China Sea issue can be largely attributed to the shift of Manila's stance.


cn   

Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin answers reporters' questions in Beijing on Wednesday at a news conference on the State Council Information Office's publication of a white paper on China's Asia-Pacific security cooperation.


He said China has stolen American jobs and threatened to slap a 45 percent import tariff on Chinese goods.


But a Chinese spokesman has already made it clear that if the one-China principle is not upheld, the development of China-US relations and bilateral cooperation in important areas is out of the question.


An incident between China and Japan around the disputed islands in the East China Sea or in their overlapping Air Defense Identification Zones could also lead to a conflict that involves the US as Japan's ally.


The US needs to do some soul-searching on a simple question: How many military secrets does China have that justifies the US' daily intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance that has lasted for decades.


In other words, if there is no US intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance, there will not be an incident.


But if a stronger China believes that the US' intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance activities in China's exclusive economic zones are a hostile activity that it needs to counter, there is the risk of another incident.


It remains to be seen if the US will continue its "freedom of navigation" operations in the South China Sea under the Trump administration.


In late 2016, Japan announced it would not recognize China's market economy status, the European Union said it would continue with the alternative country approach in trade and American President-elect Donald Trump threatened to impose 45 percent tariff on Chinese goods.


Fifth, the Belt and Road Initiative should be promoted, and economic cooperation should facilitate diplomacy.


At the end of last year, Seoul and Tokyo agreed to settle their long-standing differences over Korean "comfort women",

a misnomer for women and girls forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese army before and during World War II.


Increasing security-oriented frictions, along with disputes left behind by history, ideological differences, and clashes over national interests, have thwarted the three countries from seeking common ground.


He has also continued to intensify defense cooperation with the US in pursuit of making Japan "a normal state".


Japan-ROK ties have indeed been improving not because of deepening mutual trust but because of the Obama administration's "rebalancing" to the Asia-Pacific strategy and the deployment of THAAD, which makes them feel more secure.


But if Japan and the ROK continue to excessively lean on the US' shoulders, they would thwart future negotiations on a China-Japan-ROK free trade agreement, a possible game-changer in trilateral ties.


The resumption of trilateral leadership meetings will signify that importance.


And to counter China's proposal on regional free trade, he proposed the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.


In 2013, China marked its air-defense identification zone over the East China Sea and began island constructions in the South China Sea.


The US-supported arbitration case in the Sino-Philippine dispute in the South China Sea intensified the conflict between Washington and Beijing.


Yet despite the increasing trade frictions and political differences between the two sides, their economic and people-to-people relations are becoming stronger.


Pan Jin'e, an expert on Vietnamese studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said the meeting reflects the two countries' latest effort to push forward their maritime cooperation despite differences.


Since August, it has stepped up efforts to fortify several reefs that it illegally occupies mojingxi@chinadaily.


Cooperation between Beijing and Manila in the defense and security field, if realized, would further develop the relationship as well as boost mutual trust, Chinese observers said.


"The specifics of the deal do not matter, and if the two countries could really make some progress in this field, it will have decisive significance to peacefully solving their disputes over the South China Sea," he said.

China and the Philippines convened the third meeting of the Bilateral Consultation Mechanism on Thursday in Beijing as a platform to address differences, prevent and properly manage incidents at sea, and enhance maritime dialogue and cooperation.


The dialogue was acknowledged as a venue for enhanced and regular exchanges that can play a significant role in the stable development of bilateral relations.


Kong said the two sides "are able to properly manage the differences, advance maritime practical cooperation, and constantly build understanding and trust" through the mechanism, which "has yielded quite a lot of progress and concrete results".


Representatives also exchanged views on ways to enhance maritime cooperation in various areas, such as maritime search and rescue, maritime safety, marine environmental protection, marine scientific research, and fisheries.


Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Tuesday that the two countries came back to the right track of resolving maritime issues through talks by establishing the bilateral consultation mechanism in early 2017, and have been properly handling differences and promoting pragmatic maritime cooperation through the mechanism.


Since August, Vietnam has stepped up efforts to fortify several reefs with mobile rocket launchers, an improved runway and new hangars, according to media reports.


On Thursday, Santa Romana told a Chinese-language newspaper in the Philippines that he was honored to be able to accept the difficult challenges facing him, and will try his best to further develop bilateral ties.


That trip to Beijing marked a significant improvement in relations, which hit turbulence under his predecessor, Benigno Aquino III, who unilaterally launched an arbitration case against China over the South China Sea.


Many people have expressed skepticism about Trump's qualifications, given his lack of political, diplomatic and military experience, as well as his poor understanding of China-U.


The good atmosphere surrounding China-Britain relations is the result of years of joint efforts and it is most unwise to mar the prospects of the thriving ties by threatening hardly justified military maneuvers.


While recognising the significance of Xi as the core was correct, conjuring up visions of an emerging dictator was not.


Xi has encountered obstacles; if there were no obstacles, there would be no need for a core leader.


Significantly, these four factors undergirding Xi as the core leader map onto his overarching political framework, his strategic blueprint called “The Four Comprehensives” – a moderately prosperous society, reform, rule of law, party discipline.


Huang explained that “a core is needed to ensure that the party will be the governing party”, describing it as significant for upholding the Central Committee’s authority and maintaining the central, unified leadership of the party and for its “staying true to its mission”.


Therefore, party theorists explain, Xi as core leader is more a ratification of reality than a shift of fundamentals.


”

Xi has encountered obstacles; if there were no obstacles, there would be no need for a core leader Only then did Deng retrospectively apply the novel term to Mao Zedong and to himself, as core of the first and second generations, respectively.


(Of course, Mao was so utterly dominant that calling him core during his lifetime would have seemed a demotion.


Though conditions now differ from those in 1989, Deng’s admonition rings timelessly true.


During their meeting in Lima, the capital of Peru, on Saturday, President Xi Jinping told Duterte that the two countries should stick to friendly cooperation and proper management of differences, while Duterte said the Philippines is willing to handle maritime issues through dialogue and consultation with China.


He made the remarks while meeting with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation leaders' meeting in Lima, Peru.


The president said China and the Philippines should carry forward relations in the right direction and commit to friendly cooperation, proper management of differences and common development.


All APEC members should make joint efforts to ensure long-lasting prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region, Xi said.


China wants to see ties with Latin America develop better and faster, Xi said, adding that it is hoped Colombia will play an active role in helping to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation between China and the Pacific Alliance.


Title Righting US wrongs ought to be Trump's Asia-Pacific policy


The world is still wondering what will be the impact of Donald Trump's election as US president on different countries and regions.


But going by Trump's remarks during the presidential campaign, he may handle some of the world's key security issues differently from the Barack Obama administration.


To honor his promise to improve domestic infrastructure, create 25 million jobs in the US and fight terrorism in a more radical way, Trump may choose to spend less on projecting US power in the Asia-Pacific region and use the funds and resources so saved to fight terrorism in the Middle East and address domestic woes.


That will mean a major departure from the Obama administration that has painstakingly pushed its "pivot to Asia" strategy by focusing 60 percent of its military strength on the Asia-Pacific while phasing out its military presence in the Middle East.


For Asia-Pacific countries, especially Japan and the Republic of Korea, they still don't know what to expect from the next US administration as Trump has said during the presidential campaign that Washington's allies in the region must do more to defend themselves and contribute more to maintain US military presence in their territories.


On the contrary, it could help right the wrongs the US has done in recent years in its "war on terror" and military maneuverings in the Asia-Pacific.


In the Asia-Pacific, Obama's "pivot to Asia" strategy, a move widely seen as intended to contain China's rise, has not only soured relations with China but also heightened tensions in the South China Sea, as Washington has used the maritime disputes between China and some Southeast Asian countries to beef up its military presence in the region.


As China and the US both have high stakes in the peaceful development of the Asia-Pacific, they ought to cooperate with, rather than confront, each other to build peace and stability in the region.


Title Trump faces tough Asia-Pacific challenge
After Donald Trump is sworn in as the president of the United States on Jan 20, the biggest foreign policy challenge for his new administration will be how to deal with the fast-developing situation in the Asia-Pacific region.


The top priority of Trump, as such, will be to form a reliable team that can help retain the trust of the US' Asia-Pacific allies in the new administration.


Besides, since Trump, during his election campaign, threatened to reduce, if not end the US' defense commitments toward its Asia-Pacific allies such as Japan and the Republic of Korea, he either has to pay early visits to those countries or explain that there will be no change in his administration's Asia-Pacific policy to reassure them of continued US support.


Whether or not the US continues to take measures to slow, if not contain, China's rise will determine regional peace and prosperity.


If the Trump administration were to include Taiwan into Washington's "rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific" strategy, it could lead to a much-dreaded standoff between China and the US.


And although the US Congress is not likely to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, the Trump administration may put it back on the policy agenda after revising it, because it is aimed at furthering American interests.


Besides, the deadlock of TPP will be a chance for China to promote the negotiations on the Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific, and enhance its cooperation with ASEAN in the talks of Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, the competition between Washington and Beijing to write the trade rules will continue.


Given that diplomacy in the Middle East, Latin America and Africa is not likely to yield significant results for the US, the DPRK nuclear issue could probably be the first foreign policy target in the first year of the incoming Trump administration.


These overtures show although it is too early to say the two Pacific powers aiming to forge a military alliance in the true sense, they are certainly one step closer to becoming what what they are, namely "quasi-allies".


And their pledge to deepen security cooperation will not only deepen military-to-military ties between Tokyo and Canberra but also help expand each side's radius of military operations and thus enhance their defense forces' capabilities in the Asia-Pacific region.


They should realize the full significance of a return of the full-scale mistrust of the Cold War, as it will create a fragile peace that risks being shattered by the slightest misstep.


Many have taken seriously Trump's rhetoric on the campaign trail over the past 16 months, such as imposing a 45 percent punitive tariff on Chinese imports and calling China a currency manipulator.


Trump had only talked about tariff in the early period of the campaign and not repeated it for a long while.


The Obama administration is also partly responsible for triggering a bad action/reaction cycle with China in East Asia and the South China Sea with its "rebalancing to Asia-Pacific" strategy, widely perceived to contain China's rise.


Indeed, as secretary of state, Clinton made some contributions to US-China relations, but her hawkish instinct could have further raised tensions between Beijing and Washington if elected president.


Kishore Mahbubani, dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy at the National University of Singapore, said last week that Clinton, if elected, has to unlearn many of her past instincts and develop new ones.


The growing interdependence between the two largest economies and the huge potential for mutual cooperationare compelling reasons for the two countries to expand cooperation and better manage their differences.


The US needs to show more confidence in Asia-Pacific countries' wisdom and ability to solve their maritime territorial disputes through bilateral negotiations.


Many foresee the US having difficult relations with China under his leadership, especially if he honors his campaign vow to impose punitive tariffs of up to 45 percent against Chinese goods, which would surely result in a trade war erupting between the two countries.


However, one should consider that Trump is a businessman first and foremost, and he has already worked with the Chinese side for over three decades, regardless of any differences in political opinions.


President-elect Trump should be mindful that although his campaign rhetoric has taken him to the White House, it will ruin his presidency if he tries to put it into practice.


As China has also toned down its attachment to ideology in terms of external relationships, the two countries might be better able to reconcile their differences under the Trump administration.


As US president, Trump will have to overcome a tendency of strategic shortsightedness by continuing to present public goods in the Asia-Pacific region and not seeking hegemony.


The two sides added the air-space encounter safety code and military crisis notification to their military agreements during President Xi Jinping's visit to the United States last September.


Given that the US' political system is designed to limit and divide the majority, it appears Trump represents the "silent majority" while Clinton speaks for the "vociferous minority".


Admittedly, populism is more likely to be the deciding factor when more people participate in democratic events, even if the outcome may not be the best.


In other words, it is possible that he would pull the brakes on his predecessor Barack Obama's" rebalancing to Asia-Pacific" strategy, even the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement negotiations, to avoid clashing with China, the world's second-largest economy.


However, strategic mutual suspicion has increased and bilateral ties have encountered huge difficulties on many occasions.


Despite their differences, the two countries have not come close to a direct confrontation.


As such, whenever the relationship seemed to have reached a "cliff", leaders have shown a strong desire to put it back on track.


Indeed, the strategic significance and efficiency of these dialogues have to be improved.


On the Democratic People's Republic of Korea nuclear issue, the two countries have acute differences over the deployment of the US' Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system in the Republic of Korea, but it has not changed their shared position against the DPRK carrying out nuclear tests.


That bilateral disagreements on some issues have not seriously affected their cooperation on major global and regional issues testifies to the increasing maturity of their relationship.


Given their not-so-friendly military-to-military relations in the past, it is gratifying to see them improve over the past more than four years.


These deals are especially significant given that India has yet to ratify the international Non-Proliferation Treaty, and that the aircraft deal will be one of Japan's first sales of military equipment since it lifted a 50-year ban on arms exports.


It would be just another diplomatic anecdote if it stopped there.


China, as the top trade partner of both, is more than happy to see deepened economic, trade and political relations between its neighbors if they contribute to peace and stability in the region.


While some in Japan may continue to trumpet "the rule of law in the South China Sea" or "freedom and openness in the Indian and Pacific Oceans", as Abe did with Modi in September on the sidelines of a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Laos, Sino-Indian relations are strong enough to withstand differences and external interferences.


Over the past twenty two years, I have visited China in many different capacities, including as Defense Minister, Education Minister, Deputy Prime Minister and Prime Minister.


Now we have agreed the first significant defence deal between our two countries, with Malaysia purchasing littoral mission ships from China-the first two of which will be built in China, then two in Malaysia, and further Malaysian-built ships subject to government financing.


Malaysia and China are united in agreeing on the need to defend the sovereignty of the nation state and in the belief that the individual histories, values and governance systems of different countries must be respected.


This is particularly relevant as the world's fulcrum shifts East.


Japan has been trying to draw Southeast Asian nations - the Philippines included - to its side to put pressure on, if not confront, China.


The South China Sea is a critical commercial gateway for a significant portion of the world's merchant shipping.


In his book Asia's Cauldron: The South China Sea and the End of a Stable Pacific, Robert D.


In nearly eight years of the Barack Obama administration, thanks to the joint efforts of both sides, China-US relations have made a lot of progress, which should not be a sacrificed on the altar of narrow gains.


"Through intensifying disputes in the region, Japan is attempting to sow discord between China and Southeast Asian countries, in an attempt to expand its influence in Southeast Asia and try to contain China," Chen said.


"And if I have to revise or abrogate agreements, executive agreements, this shall be the last maneuver, war games between the US and the Philippines military," he added.


For many accustomed to orthodox statesmanship, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is proving to be perplexingly, if not annoyingly, offbeat.


It is rare that disaster management is brought up specifically during political visits.


The obedience of the previous Philippine government led by Benigno Aquino III to the US made Manila the most loyal ally of Washington in the Asia-Pacific, perhaps even the world at large.


While US officials have asked Duterte to clarify his words, many others have had little trouble in deciphering what the Philippine leader wants to say: Manila wants to shake off the pressure and troubles brought by its alliance with Washington.


This was evident when Duterte clarified what he was really saying was a separation of foreign policy after coming back to Manila from his Beijing trip.


In fact, quite a few of them told me that they would vote for him if they were U.


Sanders couldn't match Hilary Clinton when it comes to resume or name recognition, but it would be unwise to neglect him, particularly if we want to understand the trends of American politics.


Alarming inequality, deadlocked government and polarized political parties have significantly eroded many Americans' faith in democracy.


The prospects of living in a non-WASP America undoubtedly have deeply unsettled a significant number of American voters.


The rapid rise of the rest—particularly China—has brought about significant changes in America's relative power.


THE REMARKS by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte during his four-day visit to China, which concluded on Friday, should prompt the United States to reconsider its rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific strategy and its military assertiveness across the world, Beijing News said on Monday: Unlike Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Republic of Korea President Park Geun-hye, who have paid state visits to the US, Duterte is yet to step on US soil.


The US has a very different foreign policy compared with that of China and the Philippines, and its people enjoy annual average income of at least $50,000, a lot more than that of the latter two.


It is thus no surprise the Philippine president complained in Beijing about the difficulties of doing business with the US, and welcomed more investment from China.


The provocative move has once again exposed the negative energy of the United States' "pivot to Asia-Pacific" and highlighted its role as a troublemaker in the South China Sea.


No country intends to weaken the influence of the US in the Asia-Pacific, but the US should know that such influence can only be acquired and maintained through actively participating in and pushing forward common regional development.


China will intensify its patrols in the waters and strengthen the construction of its defense capabilities.


Any military provocations from Washington will only strengthen China's resolve to defend itself if necessary.


Previously the US has been busy criticizing and meddling in China's domestic practices, but now it has shifted to accusing China of interfering with its domestic affairs, which signifies a turn of the tide in its China policies and the bilateral relationship.


The key is to take initiative as much as possible and respond with more swiftness and preciseness when necessary.


In response to Duterte's comments, US State Department spokesman John Kirby said: "We still hold that it is inexplicably at odds with the very close relationship that we have with the Filipino people, as well as the government there, on many different levels, not just from a security perspective.


It's not clear to us exactly what that means in all its ramifications," Kirby told a daily briefing.


"This is a significant development, one that has been lost, at least for the moment, in the noise of the US presidential election," said Jon Taylor, professor of political science at the University of St Thomas in Houston.


This has some real implications for American influence in Asia and the Pacific," he said.


The State Department also announced that Daniel Russel, the assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs, would be traveling to the Philippines this weekend.


"Hillary Clinton's refusal to endorse the Trans-Pacific Partnership in her last debate reinforces the message," Paal said.


"If she is to be a successful president, she will have to get serious, rethink, and reshape her policy to conform to America's lasting interests and relationships in the Asia-Pacific region, including with the Philippines.


The candidates outlined starkly different visions for the Supreme Court under their potential presidencies, with the Republican declaring the Roe v.
Clashing on trade, Trump said Clinton had misrepresented her position on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, noting that she had originally called it the "gold standard" of trade agreements.


It described Clinton as wanting to increase cooperation with China in areas of common interest, reinforce alliances in the Asia-Pacific, ratchet up the US deterrent against Chinese cyberattacks and take a stronger stance against China's human rights.


"Most of those calls are directed at China, but if the new president succumbs to those emotions, a crucial bilateral economic relationship will be badly damaged," he said.


If such desirable momentum can be maintained, people should not be surprised if Beijing and Manila reach a consensus on resolving their maritime disputes through bilateral talks and negotiations very soon.


Zhao Jianhua, Chinese ambassador to the Philippines, told Philippines media on Friday that it is hoped that after Duterte's visit, investment from China would rise significantly in areas such as infrastructure, railways, highways, seaports and airports.


Meanwhile, despite their divergences over the South China Sea, China and the US still engage in extensive cooperation, from UN peacekeeping missions and fighting terrorism to efforts to curb the proliferation of nuclear weapons and mitigate the effects of climate change, not to mention their economic collaboration and people-to-people exchanges.


In particular, the two countries have maintained unblocked dialogue channels and strengthened security and maritime cooperation, such as a memorandum of understanding on mutually reporting their significant military actions and a MOU on how they behave at time of maritime and air encounters, both passed in November 2014.


At the G20 Hangzhou Summit in early September, Beijing and Washington also reached consensuses on such issues as the establishment of a new pattern of big country relations, strengthening coastal guard and maritime cooperation and enhancing their interactions and security cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region.


A better China-Philippine relationship is essentially beneficial to the whole Asia-Pacific region.


Experts said the visit, scheduled for Oct 18 to 21, will be a milestone that might open a new chapter in Beijing-Manila relations as well as the South China Sea issue if Manila maintains its sincerity.


Richardson, who assumed the current post a year ago, praised the Code for Unplanned Encounter at Sea, known as CUES, which was agreed upon by more than 20 navies in the region at the 2014 Western Pacific Naval Symposium held in Qingdao, China.


When Richardson visited China in July, a PLA Navy fleet was participating in the Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC)

multilateral naval war games in the waters off Hawaii and California for the second time.


On Monday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest expressed that it's in US interest to see its closest allies in the Asia-Pacific region to have an effective working relationship with China.


Earnest said it's difficult to determine precisely what Duterte's intent is.


"But if his intent is to, you know, seek a more effective relationship with China, that doesn't undermine US positioning in that region of the world and that's certainly been true with regard to our relationship with South Korea and Japan who obviously have their own diplomatic relationship with China as well," he said.


Rights of Specific Groups (1) Rights of ethnic minorities (

2) Rights of women (3) Rights of children (

4) Rights of the elderly (5) Rights of the disabled IV.


As the government constantly enhances the protection of human rights, the people's standard of living and quality of life have seen further improvement, their economic, social and cultural rights and interests have been strengthened, their civil rights and political rights have been guaranteed, the public's consciousness of respecting and guaranteeing human rights has enhanced significantly, international human rights exchanges and cooperation have constantly developed, and the cause of socialist human rights with Chinese characteristics has moved up to a new level.


Difficulties need to be solved in such fields as health care, education, care for the aged, food and drug safety, income distribution and the environment - all of which are closely related to the people's vital interests.


The guiding ideology for formulating and implementing the Action Plan is as follows: Upholding socialism with Chinese characteristics, fully implementing the guiding principles of the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the third, fourth and fifth plenary sessions of the 18th CPC Central Committee, following the guidance of Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory, the important thought of the Three Represents, and the Scientific Outlook on Development, implementing the spirit of a series of important speeches made by General Secretary Xi Jinping, following the strategic arrangement of building China into a moderately prosperous society in an all-round way, advancing reform in an all-round way, comprehensively promoting law-based government, and running the Party with strict discipline, and sticking to the innovative, coordinated, green, open and sharing development concept.


The Chinese government will improve the people's standard of living and quality of life; upgrade the public service system and ensure more people have equal access to such services; spare no effort in poverty alleviation to lift the entire population who live under the current poverty line out of poverty; protect intellectual property rights; improve the overall ecological environment; make efforts to give people equal opportunities in development, ensure that all people share the benefits of the nation's development more equally, and increase the people's sense of satisfaction in creating and sharing benefits.


·Fully safeguarding the rights and interests of specific groups.


(1) Right to work More proactive employment policies shall be implemented, a system of lifelong vocational skills training shall be promoted for workers, and a wage and benefits system shall be further improved, so shall a long-term safety production mechanism.


·Pursuing a lifelong vocational skills training system for workers.


By 2020 some 30 million people shall be lifted out of poverty by way of developing specialty industries, 10 million by way of transfer employment, 10 million by relocation to other areas, and the remaining 20 million, who have partially or completely lost the ability to work, shall be covered by social security.


In this way the whole of the impoverished rural population according to the current standards shall be lifted out of poverty and no county will be called a "poverty county" by then.


Steps shall be quickened to promote the establishment of a nationwide network for basic medical insurance and trans-regional settlement of medical insurance accounts, so in-patient and out-patient medical expenses can be settled in the place of treatment if the patients meet the requirements for referral, despite having local coverage.


·Implementing provincial-level unified pooling of funds for work-related injury insurance, guaranteeing that the insured receive compensation when applicable, formulating regulations on the use and management of funds for prevention of work-related injury, and improving the system of rehabilitation services for work-related injuries.


·Implementing the State Council's reform program of the household registration system, and establishing a unified urban-rural household registration system featuring the removal of difference between agricultural and non-agricultural household registration.


·Implementing unified system of registration for immovables.


(5) Right to health

A basic medical and health system covering the entire nation shall be established and improved, and it is expected that the average life expectancy shall increase by one year by 2020.


Intensified efforts shall be made to accelerate the building of national - and provincial-level demonstration areas for chronic disease prevention and control, and the rate of premature deaths from major chronic diseases shall be reduced by 10 percent.


Diversified development shall be encouraged of general high schools.


Students from families with financial difficulties shall be exempt from tuition and other fees during senior high school.


So shall the diversified channels conducive to the development of students receiving vocational education.


A personal education account and number of credits system shall be established, and the channels for continuing education and lifelong education shall be expanded.


Life subsidies shall be provided to all teachers working in rural areas hit hard by poverty, and differentiated amounts of subsidies shall be implemented on the basis of the location and degree of poverty where the teachers work.


Unified standards shall be adopted for faculty and staff of elementary and high schools in both urban and rural areas.


·Improving state financial aid policies, and ensuring full coverage of financial aid to students with economic difficulties.


The theory of international relations tells us that development helps reduce conflicts among states, mitigate domestic ethnic differences and eliminate the threats extremists and terrorists pose to society.


In addition, the concept of development now incorporates fields such as rationalization of demographic structure, enhancement of universal education level, new ways of resource conservation and environmental protection, and industrial policies aimed at promoting scientific and technological innovation.


As far as the mega-trend of global development is concerned, 40 years of reform and opening-up tell a vivid "China story", the story of China making significant contributions to world development.


Latecomer but fast learner

Since China has the world's largest population and huge differences in its regional development levels, during its initial development stages it lacked advantages such as natural endowment and early modernization progress which India and some Southeast Asian and Latin American countries had.


As President Xi Jinping has said, "beautiful scenery is the gold and silver mines".


Moreover, a fast-developing China has been playing a significant role in the new global progress, which in turn is promoting global development, benefiting the international community and stimulating its own development.


Now, the Donald Trump administration has added a dangerous dimension to the changes by implementing reckless nationalist economic policies, imposing high tariffs on imports and severe sanctions on countries in the pursuit of his "America First" policy.


The significance of smooth Sino-Japanese relations cannot be overstated, for they not only serve the interests of the world's second- and third-largest economies, but also strengthen peace and stability in the region and beyond.


Worse, Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada said recently that Japan would intensify its engagement with the United States in the South China Sea with "joint training cruises", which risks infringing upon China's maritime sovereignty.


As Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is pushing ahead with his efforts to revise the country's pacifist Constitution, especially the war-renouncing Article 9, he has raised eyebrows in countries that fell victim to Japanese aggression before and during World War II.


China and Japan should overcome the existing difficulties as soon as possible and cooperate to pursue a mutually beneficial and win-win future of common development, prosperity and stability in Asia and the world.


So, they should view the history of their friendly exchanges as a common asset and intensify friendly exchanges.


But if Duterte is trying to change any policy, he has the interests of the Philippines in mind.


And that the differences that do exist in their political and economic systems, while serious, can be managed constructively.


In the 2014 book Strategic Reassurance and Resolve: US-China Relations in the Twenty-First Century, Steinberg and coauthor, Michael O'Hanlon, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, contend that this pessimistic scenario can be confidently avoided only if China and the US adopt deliberate policies designed to address the security dilemma that besets the relationship between a rising and an established power.


But East Asia has the potential to do well if key relations and friction points are managed properly.


Roy believes it's too hard to predict the US foreign policy in the next administration now because of the stark differences of the two candidates.


He proposed a grand bargain between China and the US, including everything from nuclear nonproliferation and cybersecurity to South China Sea and Taiwan.


"Differences will exist between any two countries, but.


there is no setback that cannot be overcome in the Sino-Philippine relationship as long as the two countries work to maintain the political will to solve their differences," Lu said.


Such high-level interactions have not only helped strengthen China's good-neighborly ties with the 10-member regional bloc, they have also made the two sides more confident of their abilities and wisdom to properly handle their differences and contribute to regional peace and development.


These significant agreements will help enhance strategic trust between the two sides and help make the South China Sea truly peaceful and stable.


Lu expressed his hope that the Philippine side will work with China, show their sincerity in dialogue, properly handle differences through negotiation and consultation based on mutual respect and trust, and push bilateral ties back on a healthy track at an early date.


As the anti-China wave following an arbitration tribunal's ruling on China's disputes with the Philippines in the South China Sea subsides, China's joint efforts with ASEAN to resolve the South China Sea issue has made significant progress and the security situation in the waters has begun evolving to the region's advantage.


In Washington on Thursday, Pence said China was using “wedge issues” such as tariffs to advance its political influence in the US and globally.


“To put it bluntly, President Trump’s leadership is working; China wants a different American president,” Pence said in a speech at the Hudson Institute,

a conservative Washington think tank.


” When asked about recent news reports that the Trump administration was considering banning Chinese students from American universities, Cui said that if that were true, it is “a very dangerous situation, because so many Chinese students are studying here, and a growing number of American students are studying in China”.


Sept 18 holds peculiar significance in Chinese people's memories - as a "day of national shame".


Only that the call for remembering history gets louder every fifth year, or, more recently, when relations with Japan sour.


The young man, who had studied Russian and lived in Russia, was attracted by China but felt unsure if he could start China studies at such a "late" age.


The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo signed in 1848 gave the US undisputed control of Texas and ceded to the US the present-day states of California, Nevada, Utah, New Mexico, most of Arizona and Colorado, and parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas and Wyoming.


Weihua Chen / China Daily

The young man, who had studied Russian and lived in Russia, was attracted by China but felt unsure if he could start China studies at such a "late" age.


He described Rozman as being very interested in cooperation and how to get different countries to work together.


"I see the world differently than most people.


While many Americans have described Chinese behavior in the South China Sea as aggressive, Goldstein said China has been fairly reasonable if people look at Russia and its behavior in Ukraine.


The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848 gave the US undisputed control of Texas and ceded to the US the present-day states of California, Nevada, Utah, New Mexico, most of Arizona and Colorado, and parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas and Wyoming.


"It's a different era, but China learned the lesson.


"I always thought that if my country does not waste so much money on nuclear weapons, we will have much better schools and nice trains," said Goldstein, who has ridden China's high-speed train many times.


His ideas merit serious thought and discussion," wrote Joseph Prueher, US ambassador to China from 1999 to 2001 and commander of the US Pacific Command from 1996 to 1999.


Leaders aim to solve their differences over islands in South China Sea China and Vietnam have pledged to work together to resolve differences over the South China Sea and to enhance co-operation between the two countries.


The South China Sea issue concerns China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights, and both countries should work together to safeguard stability at sea by managing differences and promoting maritime co-operation, Premier Li told Phuc.


Phuc said Vietnam would properly handle maritime differences to solve the issue in a peaceful way, boost maritime cooperation in less-sensitive fields and maintain stability at sea.


The common interests of China and Vietnam far override the differences, so both countries should be able to effectively manage the differences and promote maritime cooperation, he added.


Vietnam will properly handle differences and try to achieve stable and healthy development of the traditional friendship and comprehensive strategic partnership with China, he said.


On Monday, when Phuc met with Premier Li Keqiang and other Chinese leaders, both countries pledged to properly manage differences over the South China Sea issue and strengthen maritime cooperation to enhance bilateral ties.


Wei Ling, director of the Institute of Asian Studies at China Foreign Affairs University, said Phuc's visit will have great significance toward resolving the South China Sea issue.


Over the past 25 years, the dialogue between China and ASEAN has showed both sides can advance only when cooperation is based on common interests and properly handling differences, Wei said.


China and Vietnam pledged on Monday to properly manage differences over the South China Sea and to strengthen maritime cooperation to enhance bilateral ties.


China has always insisted that the shared interests between the two countries far outweigh their differences, and has worked to seek common ground and manage disputes through dialogues and consultations in a spirit of mutual respect.


There have been suggestions that Vietnam was willing to be used as a pawn by the United States and Japan in their efforts to contain China, as supposedly evidenced by the US lifting its arms embargo on Vietnam in May and Japan's plan to equip the country with new patrol ships.


A foreign policy of "independence, multilateralization and diversification", as Phuc described his country's diplomacy, will help realize the bright prospects for trade and economic cooperation that will serve as a cornerstone for further strengthening bilateral ties.


Wu Zhiyi / China DailyChina and Vietnam pledged on Monday to properly manage differences over the South China Sea and to strengthen maritime cooperation to enhance bilateral ties.


The South China Sea issue concerns China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights, and both countries should work together to safeguard stability at sea by managing differences and promoting maritime cooperation, Premier Li told Phuc.


Phuc said Vietnam will properly handle maritime differences to solve the issue in a peaceful way, boost maritime cooperation in less-sensitive fields and maintain stability at sea.


China and Vietnam will manage differences over the South China Sea in accordance with agreements that both sides signed a few years ago and the UN Convention of the Law of the Sea, Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin said.


It also said a Wednesday statement by the 10-member bloc "reflected how Southeast Asian nations have largely moved on from the initial tensions surrounding The Hague tribunal's ruling and now shifted their focus on ensuring regional stability.


That is simply the most significant achievement of these meetings," said Saeed Chaudhry, chair of the Islamabad Council for International Affairs.


China takes ASEAN as a significant force for regional peace and stability, regional integration and also for multi-polarity in the world.


We have stood with each other to overcome difficulties and challenges, financial crisis, natural disasters and cross-border infectious diseases, to name just a few.


Over the past 25 years, we have followed the principles of openness, inclusiveness and seeking common ground while shelving differences.


China and ASEAN countries are now working actively on consultations for a Code of Conduct, in order to properly settle the South China Sea issue and to manage differences, defuse tensions and enhance cooperation pending final settlement of disputes.


As countries in the region, we are the ones that benefit the most from a peaceful South China Sea, and we will all stand to suffer if peace is ruined here.


So long as we keep in mind the long-term interests and work together, we will rise above differences and make the South China Sea a sea of peace, friendship and cooperation that benefits all countries in the region.


Fifth, let's work together to open up new prospects for regional cooperation.


The first LMC leaders' meeting, held this March in Sanya, identified the three cooperation pillars of political and security issues, economic and sustainable development and people-to-people exchanges, as well as the five key priority areas of connectivity, production capacity, cross-border economic cooperation, water resources, agriculture and poverty reduction.


So this is very confusing, and this is making things very difficult,” he said.


When asked about recent news reports that the Trump administration considered banning Chinese students from studying at American universities, Cui said if it is true, “this is a very dangerous situation because so many Chinese students are studying here, and a growing number of American students are studying in China.


Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China in Vientiane, Laos, on Sept 8 Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith, Dear Colleagues, It gives me great pleasure to join you in the beautiful city of Vientiane.


Parties concerned need to adhere to the principle of mutual respect, seeking common ground while shelving differences and peaceful coexistence, and properly handle differences and disagreements through direct negotiation and consultation.


Pending the final solution of relevant issues, it is important to carry out dialogue, seek cooperation, manage differences and frictions and prevent escalation of tension.


We are committed to the nuclear nonproliferation regime, to denuclearization on the Peninsula, to maintaining peace and stability there, and to resolving issues through dialogue and consultation.


Countries from outside the region need to show understanding and support for the positive efforts made by countries in the region, and should not do things to play up the differences, or to expand or even trigger disputes.


Yet, what is uncommon in the Australia-East Timor dispute is the sharp difference between Australia's attitude towards its own maritime dispute and toward the territorial dispute between China and the Philippines in the South China Sea.


In his opening remarks, US President Barack Obama said the recent arbitration ruling on the South China Sea was "binding" and "helped to clarify maritime rights in the region".


In his opening remarks, Obama said the recent arbitration ruling on the South China Sea was "binding" and "helped to clarify maritime rights in the region".


Su Hao, a professor of Asia-Pacific studies at China Foreign Affairs University, said that as the South China Sea situation is improving, "some regional outsiders are still reluctant to stop stirring up the waters there".


In fact, if a country is truly concerned about peace and stability in the South China Sea, it will support China to peacefully resolve the dispute with the countries directly concerned in accordance with international law and the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC), Hua said, adding that China also opposes any attempt by forces outside the region to manipulate the issue or stir up trouble.


We will continue to strengthen cooperation in the area of connectivity that will bring mutual benefits, including through capacity building and resource mobilisation for the Master Plan on ASEAN Connectivity 2025

(MPAC 2025), exploring ways to improve connectivity between both sides by synergising common priorities identified in the MPAC 2025 and China's "Belt and Road" initiative, and

encourage the active involvement of relevant multilateral financial institutions.


We reaffirm our commitment to further intensify regional cooperation in East Asia and remain engaged in discussions and continue coordination on an inclusive and rules-based regional architecture.


Obama's rebalancing strategy to deploy some 60 percent of the US navy and air force overseas in the Asia-Pacific region is aimed at checking China's rise.


And his Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement is designed to boost US competitiveness in exports and investments, at China's cost.


Trump, if elected US president, is more likely to put aside TPP.


In this sense, Obama's Asia tour, with visits to Hangzhou for the G20 Summit and Vientiane for the East Asia Summit, could be the beginning of the end of his rebalancing to Asia-Pacific strategy.


Neither Obama's TPP and Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership plans are likely to yield results－even if Clinton succeeds him－nor is the US military pressure expected to produce the results Obama expects.


China-US cooperation to promote nuclear nonproliferation is another major success.


But the Korean Peninsula issue continues to pose a challenge to the regional peace, with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea intensifying its nuclear program and the US' deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in the Republic of Korea has made matters worse.


Otherwise, growing distrust will undermine their concerted efforts to bring stability to the peninsula and consolidate the non-proliferation regime.


On July 19, 2016 in Beijing, Li said in a congratulatory message sent to Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith that the China-ASEAN dialogue relationship, established 25 years ago, has withstood various tests and the two-way cooperation has yielded plentiful fruits, bringing tangible benefits to the people of both sides and becoming a paradigm of equal treatment and common development between countries of different sizes.


Beijing and the West won't agree on everything, but they have enough in common to recognize that dialogue is the tool to reduce their divergence and move toward greater convergence In 1978, Deng Xiaoping not only changed the destiny of his own country but his vision also modified the course of world history.


Over the past four decades, the success of China has changed the life of the Chinese people for the better and created a global geopolitical situation in which the country has clearly regained centrality.


The West as much as China, albeit for different reasons, could be at the origin of such a sad course of events.


In the event of China suffering severe and long-lasting economic difficulties, some in China could make use of the nationalistic card to maintain social stability and domestic cohesiveness.


By doing so, Beijing recognizes the risks inherent to any significant rearrangement of power while it displays confidence in its capacity to wisely manage a process of change.


Dealing with a series of crises, the West and China have indeed shown that they can have productive collaboration (UN peacekeeping missions, the fight against nuclear proliferation, the Iran nuclear deal, counter-terrorism, and the Paris climate accord).


But while the two sides know how to cooperate when they have identified a common threat, they also differ on the interpretation of a number of security and political issues.


NATO and China evolve on separate courses, and even if exchanges are taking place between the two, a cooperative articulation between the Western military alliance and the People's Liberation Army won't materialize in the foreseeable future.


Since 1949 the Chinese and the Western political systems have been operating on different understandings of legitimacy, and while China has been evolving over the past 40 years into governance in which the rule of law is becoming increasingly central, one should not expect the two systems to coincide.


In a sense, one of the major real-life counter-arguments to Francis Fukuyama's narrative on "the end of history" is the Chinese renaissance and its effects on the world system.


There are evident interactions between gaige (reform) and kaifang (opening-up), the two main themes of Deng's policy, but it is the level of opening-up which determines the nature and intensity of the reforms.


The potential creation of value of the digital or artificial intelligence technologies is unlimited and, as such, stands as an invitation to go behind zero-sum game approaches and embrace dynamic interdependence.


Can China and the US work together, through their differences, to ensure the G20 Hangzhou summit is a success.


This significant step brought China onto the world stage to get involved in stabilizing global finance.


Differences emerged among countries on how to boost growth.


The Western developed countries are also pursuing different monetary policies.


China and the US have achieved visible results in counter-terrorism, non-proliferation, anti-piracy, and drug control.


They agreed that: "for new and future institutions to be significant contributors to the international financial architecture, these institutions, like the existing international financial institutions, are to be properly structured and operated in line with the principles of professionalism, transparency, efficiency, and effectiveness, and with the existing high environmental and governance standards, recognizing that these standards continuously evolve and improve.


China and the US need to go beyond their differences and nurture the habit for cooperation, as they are increasingly aware that although they cannot solve all global problems, without their collaboration, none will be successfully solved.


Third, can China and the US send the signal that they are willing to manage strategic differences and avoid security conflicts.


The most remembered would be the Asia Pacific rebalancing strategy, which has only deepened mistrust between China and the US.


It is noted in China that the American military has continuously reinforced deployment in the West Pacific, and reemphasized the exclusive military alliance system.


Consequently, the top-level strategic dialogue is all the more important and it is hoped that the China-US presidential meeting in Hangzhou will offer guidance to ensure the two countries can better manage their differences, thus paving the way for the next stage of their fruitful crucial bilateral relationship.


China and the US Need to Manage Differences over the South China Sea Relations between China and the US in the run up to the Presidential meeting in Hangzhou

have hit some rough patch caused by the South China Sea arbitration.


In particular, the two sides have significant differing views on the kind of military activities allowed within another country's 200-mile exclusive economic zone, or EEZ.


Now, just as there's no dispute over allowing freedom of navigation for commercial ships in the South China Sea, there's no reason why the two sides couldn't also wisely manage their differences over the rules for naval vessels.


In fact, the US views frictions with China from a geo-strategic perspective, seeing the South China Sea dispute as a test of which power will predominate in the Asia Pacific.


China and the Philippines are both Asian countries and I believe that as long as there is good faith, it's not beyond our reach to find ways to overcome difficulties and restore a relationship marked by friendship and cooperation.


Specifically, when China's sovereignty and maritime are deemed to conflict with what the US sees as its core national interests, it is vital that the two countries read the situation accurately, be clear about the stakes and find an appropriate angle from which each other's positions can be appreciated.


The US should respect these and shouldn't hamper efforts by China and the neighboring countries to seek peaceful ways to address their differences.


The best way to address their differences on maritime rules is by talking to one another, instead of posturing or or dangerously testing each other with their military forces.


And the key is for them to have effective dialogue and prevent miss-judgment when handling specific issues, especially when their interests come into conflict.


In 2012, Harvard Professor Graham Allison conducted quantitative analysis of this historical metaphor, and drew an analogy between the "Thucydides Trap" and the structural difficulties in the China-US relationship.


This research seems to suggest that war is predestined for major countries that are going through power shift.


He fully agreed, but nevertheless, expressed concern over the possibility of war between China and the US triggered by Taiwan or the South China Sea issue, which, if either becomes true, would be a textbook case of how a rising power and a ruling power fall into the "Thucydides trap.


I offered different views in my comments.


I said that the effect of economic globalization, the development of international institutions, interdependence among states and nuclear deterrents all points to the fact that today's world is totally different from those of WWI, WWII and the Cold War, and it is even a further cry from the isolated small world in ancient Greece, where Athens and Sparta fought over the Aegean.


He also said he was confident that the US and China have the ability to manage their differences.


China is a growing power with a population four times that of the US

The US is a super power that claims to "continue to lead the world for a century to come," and its difficulties with China appear to be complicated and multifaceted.


But in the real world, difficulties in this area are not impossible to manage given the two countries' deeply integrated interests.


The political differences are harder to resolve because of the US' critical attitude about China's political system.


It's important that we tease out what exactly our differences are and how to disentangle them.


China is excluded from this order in at least two aspects:

First, China is ostracized for having a different political system; second, America's collective defense arrangements do not cover China's security interests.


What China identifies with is the international order underpinned by the purposes and principles of the UN Charter.


The world has been witnessing sweeping economic globalization, which is creating diversified interests and structural changes.


For example, East Asia integration is weakening due to friction among nations in the region; the US-led Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is viewed with concerns about its lack of inclusiveness; the "Brexit" has also presented new challenges for the European Union, etc.


Apparently the world is currently suffering from twin problems: a prolonged global economic recession, which is believed to have been around for quite some time and was caused by the repercussions of the 2008 World Financial Crisis; and an intensifying geopolitical conflict, instigated by a blend of complicated economic and political factors.


The fact of the matter is that even if this perceived speculation does not materialize, the problem of global governance under current circumstances makes it impossible to avoid geopolitical considerations.


To help maintain this balance, China needs to qualify statements made about both its strengths and weaknesses.


Now as Hangzhou has grabbed the world's attention, tourists from various places have gathered to this heavenly city to enjoy its slow life tempo and beautiful natural surroundings.



On the south of the West Lake, Leifeng Pagoda is considered the top scenic structure around West Lake due to its stunning silhouette in the glow of evening.


Wetlands themselves are one of the most biologically diverse ecosystems, acting as natural green lungs, water purification systems and flood control.


So if we open them up more, the relationship will go up further.


The SIIA chairman also underlined the importance of China's Belt and Road Initiative and establishment of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), saying physical infrastructure can make a difference.


He stressed the development of China's western region, as he thought it will be great if western China can be connected to Southeast Asia, resulting in a surge in logistics.


Lich's visit is of great significance and contributes to boosting ties between the two armies and countries, Hong said.


But China is different, it doesn't want a war with any country, let alone the US.


And even though the US loves to flex its military muscles to browbeat other countries into submission, it is wise enough to know the difference between a big and small potential enemy.


The Rand report says, if a war breaks out between the US and China, it will "be a regional regular war".


But if a war really breaks out between the two sides, it will be different because both sides would fight to their respective advantages.


Differences do exist between China and the US, but they are controllable.


After an international tribunal in The Hague announced its arbitral award, their war of words intensified but the situation didn't spiral out of control.


It is a fact that differences exist between China and the US but it is also a fact that they share common interests and need cooperation.


Since the report reflects the ideas of some Washington officials, US think tanks should make efforts to help promote cooperation and reduce the differences between China and the US, instead of fomenting trouble between the two largest economies, because the two sides need more positive energy to guide their relations in the right direction.


The geo-economic relations between China and ASEAN have several aspects of significance:

First, ASEAN is an important bloc power, especially economically.


Observers said the drills show the steady development of the Chinese military's ties with key Asia-Pacific counterparts and signal efforts to ensure stability to help ease maritime tension in the South China Sea.


The China-Russia exercise is "out of security consideration" and has no specific target, Yin added.


At the ninth China-UK Strategic Dialogue in Beijing this summer, the two sides had in-depth discussions on bilateral relations, as well as regional and international issues, which further enriched the strategic significance of the "Golden Era".


New opportunities are emerging as China lifts the ban on British boneless beef from cattle less than 30 months old and the China-UK joint trade and investment review makes scheduled progress.


The two countries need to make the "pie of common interests" bigger by deepening cooperation on infrastructure development, equipment manufacturing, high and new technology, nuclear power and financial services, and by exploring cooperation on new industries and new modes of business, such as artificial intelligence, big data, clean energy and digital economy.


The two countries should also enhance cooperation at the United Nations, G20 and World Trade Organisation, and work hand in hand to advance reform in the international governance system, address global challenges such as climate change, terrorism, cyber security and wildlife protection, and seek political settlements to hotspot issues such as the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue, the Iran nuclear issue and the situation in Syria and Myanmar.


"As the three major engines for the Asian economy, cooperation between China, Japan and the ROK is vital for East Asian economic cooperation," the source, who declined to be identified, said.


With their combined economies accounting for one fifth of the global total and 70 percent of the Asian economy, the three countries started the 10th round of negotiations on a free trade zone.


Korea should work to make differences controllable


Korea should work to make differences managable


As foreign ministers of China, Japan and South Korea are to meet in Tokyo Wednesday, the three major Asian powers should work together to make their differences controllable.


The tortuous process of nailing down a trilateral foreign ministers' meeting nine years after the first of its kind was held in 2007 implies that differences on regional issues have been haunting relations among China, Japan and South Korea.


With their total economy accounting for one fifth of the global economy and 70 percent of the Asian economy, the three countries have started the 10th round of negotiations on a free trade zone among them, which is expected to enhance industrial complementarity, explore potential in trade and investment and further integrate regional value chain.


Facing the complex trilateral relations among the three neighbors, the best solution is to seek common interests while reserving differences.


Only through maintaining the trilateral mechanism for dialogue and cooperation, can China, Japan and South Korea avoid strategic misunderstanding and make their differences controllable, so as to safeguard regional security and stability.


Though there is little evidence to show Washington's role in these developments, the United States will certainly not be happy to see a pro-China leader assume power in a South Asian or Asia-Pacific country while it implements its "pivot to Asia" strategy.


With the Asia-Pacific witnessing greater power rivalry, it would be irrational to analyze Beijing's ties with Manila only on a bilateral level, as the influence of the US and Japan must be taken into account.


WASHINGTON - Chinese President Xi Jinping's forthcoming meeting with his US counterpart

Barack Obama is expected to enhance mutual trust, widen win-win cooperation and deliver guidance for management on differences between China and the United States.


This trip will highlight Obama's ongoing commitment to the G20 as the main forum for international economic cooperation as well as the "US rebalance to Asia and the Pacific" strategy, the White House said.


Even if the Sino-Australia Free Trade Agreement, the result of nearly 10 years of hard negotiations, comes into effect two months later, Chinese investments in Australia will remain a contentious issue because Canberra chose to side with Washington against Beijing in the South China Sea dispute.


But if Australia continues to see its largest investor and trade partner as a threat to its national security, China has enough reasons to take countermeasures.


US President Donald Trump's "America First" policy is apparently aimed at undermining the world order by launching tariff wars against other countries and breaking international rules at will.


Title Small, but nonetheless significant progress


However, their significance lies in the collective commitment to peace and crisis-prevention they represent; a commitment which is substantial in its own right.


Senior diplomats also approved a guideline for a China and ASEAN hotline for use during maritime emergencies and a joint declaration that the Conduct for Unplanned Encounters at Sea, which was signed by more than 20 Pacific nations in 2014, applies to the South China Sea.


are again paying tribute to the Yasukuni Shrine that glorifies the history of the war of aggression," South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement.


The report, jointly written by departments of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, is the fifth by the nongovernment think tank the China Strategic Culture Promotion Association since 2012.


3 million personnel on active duty and had deployed more than 154,000 troops in the Asia-Pacific region.


For instance, the proliferating productions portraying the War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (1937-45) seem to exaggerate Chinese fighters' bravery while depicting Japanese soldiers as buffoons.


It's disgraceful when our forebearers' sacrifice is treated like a shoot-'em-up computer game.


"We must create vivid characters full of humanity and explore their inner worlds if we want to tell stories overseas audiences can understand," he says.


The strategic partnership of China and ASEAN and the new version of the present Silk Road

(the Belt and Road Initiative) are becoming a new driving force in the world economy, she noted, adding the China-Laos friendship will help deepen regional cooperation with their diversified culture.


Pham Van Duc, vice president of the Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences, noted the development of relations and cooperation between the two sides has been going smoothly, "except for some misunderstandings and differences, such as lack of mutual trust and disputes on the South China Sea.


This year has been special to the region, as 2018 marks the 15th anniversary of the China-ASEAN Strategic Partnership, the starting year for the second China-ASEAN 50-year period of development, the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up, and the fifth anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.


Other morning speakers at the forum include Sum Chhum Bun, vice president of the Royal Academy of Cambodia; Tang Min, counsellor of the State Council; BA Hamzah, director of the International Security Research Centre at the National Defence University of Malaysia; Tang Nong, president of Guangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine; Kyee Myint, member of Myanmar Institute of Strategic and International Studies; and Yan Jiehe, honorary chairman of the Zhuangyan Think Tank Institute, founder of Pacific Construction Group and president of Wuwei Academy.


Vice Admiral Nora Tyson, commander of the US 3rd Fleet, who served as the RIMPAC 2016 combined taskforce commander, called the drills "an unqualified success.


US Pacific Fleet Commander Admiral Scott Swift was also scheduled to arrive Monday to join Benfold for the visit.


The Benfold visit comes just days after a PLA Navy taskforce left Pearl Harbor on Friday after completing the Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC 2016)

exercises, the world's largest multilateral naval war game, which is held in and around waters of the Hawaiian Islands and Southern California.


Vice Admiral Nora Tyson, commander of the US Third Fleet, who served as the RIMPAC 2016 combined taskforce commander, called the drills "an unqualified success.


"The collaboration and cohesiveness between participants proved that we can operate effectively with our partner nations and that we will be ready in the Pacific if or when we're called upon," she said.


Experts said it should not come with high expectations as it is difficult for the two sides to agree on the South China Sea.


Ramos did not identify the "old friends" he will meet in Hong Kong, but described them as either retired or not in an official capacity, although they could help influence China's leaders in Beijing, a Reuters report said.


"On one hand, China will never acknowledge the so-called arbitral ruling, while on the other, Duterte will face pressure both domestically and from the United States if he accepts China's stance on the arbitration," he said, adding that China shouldn't have high expectations about the Ramos visit.


China asserts this is a distinction without a difference, in that sovereignty is indeed the underlying issue and therefore the tribunal did not have jurisdiction, and China is not about to bargain away its sovereignty.


For example, if we detect a US vessel entering our monitored area, we will expel it.


Yet the Chinese government, taking stability and peace in Northeast Asia and the Northwest Pacific as its high priority, has not given a clear response as to whether it will safeguard these core interests by force.


But if you are driving me into a dead end (corner), we will definitely fight back.


China asserts this is a distinction without a difference, in that sovereignty is indeed the underlying issue and therefore the court did not have jurisdiction, and China is not about to bargain away its sovereignty.


As a Chinese saying goes, the nerves of the fingertips are linked with the heart, which means every finger is closely bound up with one's whole life and we cannot cut off any finger.


Before this issue is settled, we can shelve differences and seek joint development, which fully demonstrates our sincerity.


It demonstrates that China regards the South China Sea as its core interest, even if it intensifies disputes between China and related countries.


The ownership of islands is not identified by distance; many historical and other factors affect it.


"There is a joke that in Vietnam and the Philippines

no one is allowed to go swimming in the ocean, because if you start to swim, you invade China's territory.


For example, if we detect that a US vessel enters our monitored area, we will expel it.


Yet, the Chinese government, taking stability and peace in Northeast Asia and the Northwest Pacific as its high priority, has not given a clear response as to whether it will safeguard these core interests by force.


But if you are driving me into a dead end, we will definitely fight back.


We have constructed civilian infrastructure, including some scientific research facilities.


Is it fair to call our action 'militarization', if theirs is not.


These two great powers definitely have different historical backgrounds, but that doesn't mean they will collide.


Even if UNCLOS were the valid framework to resolve the dispute, China had submitted a "reservation" notification emphasizing its opposition to the dispute resolution mechanisms of UNCLOS, especially Article 298.
Using such excuses to change the pacifist Constitution, the Abe administration has prepared a file exaggerating the external threats Japan faces.


Now the Abe administration has embarked on a mission to amend the pacifist Constitution, a foundation of regional peace and stability since WWII, which, if they succeed, could start another cycle of war.


The freedom of navigation and overflight in the South China Sea is one excuse Japan has used to explain its concerns over the disputes, because Japan's postwar rise would not have been possible if it wouldn't have been able to import its oil and export its products through the waters.


What Japan doesn't say is that the regional security and stability it has enjoyed after the war are not US gifts but the fruits of the joint efforts of its neighbors, especially China.


In 1945, the Japanese military said the atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima was not that important a matter after the horrifying news reached Tokyo and declared that they would sacrifice another 100 million people to defend the "holy land".


Zhang Jie, a researcher of Asia-Pacific studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said it is unlikely that Manila will completely put aside the arbitral ruling as this gives it an effective tool or bargaining chip.


Zhang said new findings will be published on the website once verified.


org, due to "information unification and security concerns,"

according to the SOA.


They have come at a time when the territorial disputes in the South China Sea have intensified after an award was made in an arbitration case unilaterally initiated by the Philippines.


The most notable part of the interpretations is that foreign vessels and individuals that illegally fish in Chinese waters might be sued if they refuse to leave when ordered to do so by the Chinese coast guard.


Citing the obvious tensions between Beijing and Washington on the South China Sea, Tung warned the issue, if not handled carefully, will affect China-US relations.


Unfortunately, there has been abundant evidence in recent years to prove the US has a different view.


Its strategic rebalancing to Asia is widely perceived as a policy shift that intended to contain China's rise.


The ball is now in the US' court if it still wants cooperation, other than confrontation, to prevail.


The politically motivated report is blatantly biased, full of hyperbole and lies, and serves to pave the way for Japan to jettison its pacifist Constitution that prevents its military from fighting abroad.


The spokesman accused Japan of unilaterally changing the status quo by illegitimately "purchasing" China's Diaoyu Islands in 2012, enhancing military deployment in its southwest (China's) direction, and passing a new security bill to lift the constitutional constraints on collective self-defense.


The ROK's defense ministry urged Japan to rectify its "improper territory claims" on disputed islands with ROK.


It enables allied interaction in "gray-zone" scenarios between armed conflict and peacetime law enforcement actions, in which swift and robust responses are required to secure the peace and security of Japan even when an armed attack against Japan is not involved.


By the year 2020, 60 percent of the American forces will be deployed in the Asia-Pacific region.


"Russia's military intervention in Syria is drawing attention as a manifestation of the achievements of Russia's series of military reform as well as a move to increase its international influence.


And since the final award of the tribunal went overwhelmingly in favor of the Philippines, which is rare in international jurisdiction and arbitration history, one would be justified in questioning the impartiality of the entire arbitration process.


All these make it important for Manila to disclose how much money it actually spent on the arbitration case, more so because it proclaims the award's legitimacy and significance.


Japan, the US and Australia regard themselves as a "pillar" of stability throughout the Asia-Pacific region, and the foreign ministers of the three countries met on the sidelines of the ASEAN meetings, issuing a statement in which they called on countries in the region to uphold the ruling, which China has consistently said it does not acknowledge or accept as it is unlawful.


Even China's vision of interconnecting continents with its Belt and Road Initiative has been deemed as a means for Beijing to take the initiative in defining regional policy, considered by the three as the continental power's strategy for consolidating a sphere of influence in the Asia-Pacific area.


Japan joined the US-Australian Talisman Sabre biennial military exercise for the first time in July 2015, a move that showed how Japan wanted to play a role in the Western Pacific.


When the strategic balance of a region is broken, an arms race follows and regional disputes and conflicts intensify.


One way of rectifying the strategic imbalance is for the US and the ROK to rescind their agreement to deploy THAAD.


These two neoconservative theorists have identified China as "likely to seek hegemony in Asia" and call on the US to undertake major efforts "to prevent it from succeeding".


In the first six months of the year, Chinese tourists began shifting their sights to less famous or not traditionally popular tourism destinations, and "Pakistan is a dark horse", said a report by Ctrip, a leading online travel agency in China.


Japan has already assumed the right to exercise "collective self-defense" and engage in military action if one of its allies were attacked.


Added to this, Abe's attempts to revise Article 9 of Japan's pacifist Constitution to exercise the right to use force to settle international disputes does not augur well for Japan's neighbors given Japan's wartime past.


The statement says cooperation is possible in fields such as navigation safety, rescue and scientific research.


Without specifically mentioning China as its target, the US announced a "pivot" to the East, away from its deep military and political engagement in the Middle East.


This expressed itself first by way of US military redeployment toward the eastern Pacific, and subsequently by a US-led broad Pacific trade agreement (the Trans-Pacific Partnership), which has been criticized for extending the power of large multinationals over the rights of individuals and signatory governments in matters like intellectual property.


Chinese policymakers realized that while US economic, military and technological leadership would ensure its continuance as a superpower, it would be dangerous for China to rely completely on the US for its security in the Asia-Pacific region.


Moreover, should China not attempt to regain its long-held former position as the dominant power in the eastern Pacific.


But it would be a serious mistake for the more aggressive elements in China's military to think that China could push the US in areas like the central and western Pacific, which the United States considers fundamental to its national security.


This gradual transition, which will unfold over several decades, can occur peacefully and successfully only if all the parties involved, particularly the US and China, understand the process that is underway, communicate frequently with each other, and respect each other's core interests and "red lines".


Yet it is very difficult for every country to be fully understood or for its interests to be fully appreciated.


If the significant roles women are currently playing in the realm of public service and politics is a valid measurement, they might have lived up to the title of a very popular song, Who Run the World.


Finally, in the Americas, President Dilma Vana Rousseff of Brazil, in spite of her current political difficulties, must be applauded for fostering the FIFA World Cup to Brazil in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016.


The Vietnamese government should control and manage such "misbehavior" and attempt to solve differences through government-to-government conversations, Li added.


Such outbursts of emotion have not only put in jeopardy the good feelings between the two peoples that have been built up over the centuries, but also risk holding sway over the two countries' leaders in their policymaking, leaving them with little, if any room for diplomatic maneuver.


Wu Shicun, President of China's National Institute for South China Sea Studies, UK Labor party MP Catherine West and Pakistani Ambassador to China

Masood Khaled are among the observers who illuminate the solid historical and legal basis of China's sovereignty over the South China Sea from different angles.


"The clip not only clarifies the legitimacy of China's territorial sovereignty over the islands and waters, it also explains our position on the so-called arbitration case on the South China Sea," said Ma Yue, President of China Council for the Promotion of Peaceful National Reunifications in New York.


There is no international law that justifies even "innocent passage" of a foreign country's military vessels through other's territorial waters without permission.


Now that it is eyeing the US as an economic lifeline after it exits the European Union — the United Kingdom is no doubt eager to seize whatever opportunity it can to get into Washington's good books.


During her visit to Beijing early this year, British Prime Minister Theresa May pledged to intensify "the golden era" of Sino-UK relations.


When elaborating China's position on the South China Sea arbitration last week, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China would like to work in unison with the Philippines if the new Philippine government is willing to resume dialogue and consultation, manage disputes and improve bilateral relations together with China.


Hence, if Manila truly wants to improve ties with Beijing, the Duterte administration needs to cast aside any illusions it may have over leveraging the arbitration ruling against China and show both sincerity and consistency in starting direct talks with China, which is the only viable way to resolve the disputes between them.


If the US loses its war with China in the South China Sea, it will mean the end of US hegemony in the Asia Pacific and in the world.


There will be no good come out of a war with China even if the US wins the war, but the consequences of its defeat will be unthinkable for the US.


Wang said that recent successful visit by Russian President Vladimir Putin to China and the three joint statements signed by the two leaders enriched China-Russia comprehensive strategic partnership of coordination, expanded the influence of their bilateral ties and was of historical significance to promote the sound and steady development of international situation.


Wang said China hoped that Russia could play a more active and constructive role in East Asia and the Asia-Pacific region.


Wang said the wrong prescription has led to increasingly hot ballyhoo over the arbitration and some countries outside the region have become extremely excited, as if running an unabated high fever.


Wang said the Chinese side is willing to see Russia "play an increasingly proactive and constructive role in the East Asia as well as the entire Asia-Pacific".


"Such a recklessly partial tribunal creates more problems than it solves, and intensifies rather than solves disputes.


The maritime disputes should never be an issue between China and ASEAN although the United States has been trying to internationalize the disputes after it implemented its rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific strategy.


That is why Philippine defense officials notified their Chinese counterparts immediately after the accidental grounding of the frigate to avoid any misunderstanding, and why, in a show of goodwill, the Chinese Navy offered to help with its recovery.


China and other regional countries have been working together to maintain peace and security in the South China Sea, and the swift and amicable end to the incident has not allowed it to be played up by other countries seeking to drive a wedge between them.


By handling this unexpected incident in a prompt and respectful way, the Philippines has shown that countries in the region can manage their differences, build trust, and maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea.


Kishida said Japan is ready to tackle differences properly.


The statement said cooperation was possible in fields such as navigation safety, rescue and scientific research.


The two sides agreed to effectively control their differences.


WU ZHIYI / CHINA DAILYBeijing and Washington vowed on Monday to boost mutual trust and effectively control differences, in the highest-level visit by a White House official since an arbitration tribunal's ruling on the South China Sea intensified regional tensions.


boost mutual trust, deepen cooperation and manage and control differences in a constructive way," President Xi Jinping told US National Security Advisor Susan Rice, according to a news release issued after the meeting.


The tribunal, by willfully expanding its jurisdiction, has set a dangerous precedent in international law, opened the door for abusive arbitration procedures, undermined the motivation of countries to engage in negotiations and consultations for solving disputes, and potentially intensify conflicts and confrontation in the region.


To save the Philippines from breaching its own commitment to bilateral negotiations, the tribunal belittled and nullified the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC)

reached between China and ASEAN countries.


Such a recklessly partial tribunal creates more problems than it solves, and intensifies rather than solves disputes.


Anyone who is fair-minded will have by now come to a conclusion: a temporary body with insufficient representation went beyond its jurisdiction and violated the reasonable procedures to successfully intensify disputes rather than solve problems.


If such a farce were regarded as international law, and if international disputes were to be "settled" in this way, the authority of international law and the peace between nations would be compromised.


We hope this positive gesture will be followed by real actions and that the Philippines will return to the track of negotiation at an early date, work with China to properly manage differences and jointly maintain the peace and stability of the South China Sea.


The approach calls for specific disputes to be resolved through peaceful consultations by parties directly concerned and stability in the South China Sea to be jointly maintained by China and ASEAN.


Title Neighbors can manage their differences
 

The recent award issued by the arbitral tribunal is fraught with procedural faults and unfounded "evidence", and thus makes no difference to China's stance of non-participation, non-acceptance, and non-recognition, as well as its legal presence in the South China Sea.


In 2002, China and ASEAN members signed the DOC to deepen their maritime cooperation on environment protection, scientific research, navigation security, search and rescue, and the fight against cross-border crimes.


China's land reclamation within the scope of its Nansha Islands is lawful and justified.


Fidel Ramos, the Philippine president from 1992 to 1998 who steered the country through an economic crisis According to a report by ABS-CBN, Duterte said he would pursue a "settlement" with China, even if this would mean setting aside the decision of the Permanent Court of Arbitration, as suggested by Ramos.


Wang Yuzhu, a senior researcher of Southeast Asia studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said only if the Philippines put aside the arbitral ruling will the two countries hold effective talks.


Ramos, who has been the president of the Philippines from 1992 to 1998, said he met Duterte to clarify what his specific role would be, the Inquirer report said.


The victim was disabled for life and Cai

sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment.


"That planning can offer guidance for tackling maritime disputes as well as handling other specific maritime issues," Wang said.


US soldiers will enjoy the same immunity, because Washington has not ratified the Rome Statute and signed immunity agreements with some countries.


There is a lesson in all this for countries in the Asia-Pacific, including both China and ASEAN countries, that is, they should stay alert to US intervention in regional affairs.


To prevent the US from succeeding in its dirty designs, all countries in the Asia-Pacific need to make peace and stability their priority instead of picking sides over security issues.


"China's military exercises in the South China Sea are focused on self-defense, which is quite different from the muscle-flexing operations of the US and other countries," he says.


The vessel, named after an ancient Chinese diplomat, has set out on a two-month voyage to the South Pacific to test its navigation abilities and equipment.


Fan Jishe, a US researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, says the US "has played a negative role in the South China Sea disputes, and its proactive engagement in the Asia-Pacific region has aggravated conflicts".


Zuo Xiying, an international studies specialist at Renmin University of China, says the South China Sea has become the forefront of China-US competition, and "it would be a good thing if they reinforce strategic communication and formulate more rules accepted by both".


Su Ge, president of the China Institute of International Studies, told the World Peace Forum in Beijing that "although cooperation between Beijing and Washington cannot end all the issues in the world, not a single major issue could be resolved if the two sides walk into full-scale confrontation".


The violence came in the form of a failed military coup in Turkey, a nation pursuing EU accession, and a terrifying terrorist attack in Nice, France, on Bastille Day, normally a day of celebration.


The worsening security situation in and around Europe, coupled with the crises of unemployment, a steady influx of migrants and a likely domino effect from Britain's exit from the EU all add up to difficult times.


According to Li, the Eurasian continent, bordering both the Pacific and the Atlantic oceans, should become a huge passageway from east to west for transportation, telecommunications and energy.


The premier also highlighted the need to fortify the human and cultural aspects of the cooperation between Asia and Europe, saying that there should be more dialogue between different civilizations, and more exchanges in education, science, tourism and culture.


Zhao Junjie, an expert on European studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, says the proposals raised by the premier show that "Chinese leaders are considering the strategic direction of Asia-Europe cooperation", as the world situation has changed significantly since ASEM was initiated.


'Unity in difficult times' Speaking at the summit's final news conference, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker set out the priorities for the work ahead.


This is exactly what this summit was about: showing unity in difficult times," said Juncker, who served as prime minister of Luxembourg from 1995 to 2013.


More than 70 countries have in different ways supported China's stance on the South China Sea issue.


With exports increasing by 700 percent from 2000 to 2017, the fast-rising living standards in China and the switch to a consumption-based economy were an attractive proposition for US farmers and ranchers - a prospect now endangered by the tit-for-tat tariffs.


Roach said that as China then shifts from surplus savings to savings absorption, it will have less excess savings to lend to the US - a potentially problematic outcome in light of a savings problem in the US that is likely to go from bad to worse as federal budget deficits expand sharply in the years ahead.


Instead of engaging in dialogue, he has initiated and threatened tariffs on China and the rest of the world, including using the outdated Section 301 of the US Trade Act of 1974 - which authorizes the president to take action, including retaliation, against foreign governments in certain cases - and national security as excuses.


"Tariffs are bad - there is no such thing as a good trade war," he said, rebutting a Trump tweet earlier that said "a trade war is good and easy to win".


In response, the Foreign Ministry’s spokesperson office told China Daily in a written reply on Wednesday that "there is still time if timely remedy is made" by Manila.


"Its active interference in the Asia-Pacific, following the so-called pivot to Asia strategy endorsed by the US President Barack Obama, has intensified regional situation," he added.


But today's China-US relations are "radically different" from the ties between the US and the Soviet Union, said Zheng.


"Foreign Minister Wang Yi elaborated on China's principled position on the current situation, saying that China would like to work in unison with the Philippines if the new Philippine government is willing to resume dialogue and consultation, manage disputes and improve bilateral relations together with China," Lu said.


But it remains unknown if Ramos would accept or when, if he did, he would be dispatched.


But the tribunal committed mistakes in the identification of the South China Sea dispute between Beijing and Manila and applying its legal provisions.


On a country's historic titles, too, it does not contain specific clauses, but it accepts the status of these rights in international law and views them as exclusions to the application of its rules.


This testifies Manila and the tribunal cannot deny Beijing's maritime rights not mentioned but recognized by UNCLOS.


In the case, Manila also divided Nansha Islands into different parts and only demanded that the tribunal rule on the maritime rights of islands and reefs "occupied or controlled" by Beijing, deliberately shunning other islands and reefs of Nansha Islands, including the ones illegally occupied and claimed by it.


Even if some turns of phrases they use may have gone far beyond the sensible way of expression, they have the freedom to do so unless they put their insensible ideas into practice.


Nor can it be used as a label to provide self-justification and legal grounds for extreme actions that violate the law.


Even if some believe it necessary to express their anger at the award in the arbitration initiated by the Philippines over its dispute with China, they may apply for approval from a local public security department for an assembly, which can be organized in a peaceful manner without disrupting public order.


"China's military exercises in the South China Sea are focused on self-defense, which is quite different from the muscle-flexing operations of the US and other countries," he said.


Zhou Li, editorial board member of China Daily Group and publisher and editor-in-chief of China Daily Asia Pacific, said there's a need to "reaffirm economic commitments" between China and the Philippines, especially at a time when the "US-China trade war looms large".


Tan said the MOU signing and Xi's invitation to Duterte to attend the second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in April next year will lift Philippine-China relations to a new level.


Title US tariffs threaten economic interdependence
Trade row forces Chinese importers to look to South America

The Peak Pegasus, a bulk cargo ship carrying 70,000 metric tons of US-grown soybeans, was closely watched by millions of people on Sina Weibo on July 6 as it raced to the Chinese port of Dalian before China's 25 percent retaliatory tariffs took effect that day.


Bringing in the shipment of soybeans worth more than $20 million incurred additional tariffs of about $6 million.


On July 6, China placed extra tariffs on $34 billion worth of US exports, including soybeans, in response to US President Donald Trump's decision to slap 25 percent punitive tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese exports to the US the same day.


US tariffs on another $16 billion worth of Chinese exports are due to take effect on Thursday, and China has promised to respond in kind.


Trump has also threatened to impose new tariffs on all $505 billion worth of Chinese exports to the US.


"As the largest importer of US soybeans, China is a vital and robust market we cannot afford to lose," Davie Stephens, vice-president of the American Soybean Association and a Kentucky soybean grower, said in a statement in response to Trump's tariffs.


With exports increasing by 700 percent from 2000 to 2017, the fast-rising living standards in China and the switch to a consumption-based economy were an attractive proposition for US farmers and ranchers－a prospect now endangered by the tit-for-tat tariffs.


China has announced retaliatory tariffs on small planes, not on large Boeing jets.


Savings problem "Over time, I suspect that this co-dependency will diminish as Chinese rebalancing shifts the structure of demand away from exports toward internal private consumption," he said.


Roach said that as China then shifts from surplus savings to savings absorption, it will have less excess savings to lend to the US－a potentially problematic outcome in light of a savings problem in the US that is likely to go from bad to worse as federal budget deficits expand sharply in the years ahead.


China's economic rebalancing started after the global financial crisis in 2008 to avoid the so-called middle-income trap and to shift its economy from a model driven by exports and debt-fueled investment to a more sustainable model driven by domestic consumption, innovation and moving up the global supply chain.


A report by consultants McKinsey in May said that from high-tech unicorns to specialty chemicals, China's economy is moving swiftly beyond its lower-margin roots.


Instead of engaging in dialogue, he has initiated and threatened tariffs on China and the rest of the world, including using the outdated Section 301 of the US Trade Act of 1974－which authorizes the president to take action, including retaliation, against foreign governments in certain cases－and national security as excuses.


Simon Lester, a researcher at the Cato Institute who worked as a legal affairs officer at the Appellate Body Secretariat of the World Trade Organization, said the US will lose any case against the Section 301 tariffs, but litigation might take years.


Henry Levine, a senior adviser at consulting firm Albright Stonebridge Group and former US deputy assistant secretary of commerce, said Trump's decision to impose punitive tariffs on China reflects two of his deeply held, long-term beliefs.


Such complicated global supply chains led Mary Lovely, an economist at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, to conclude that Trump's Section 301 tariffs against China actually disadvantage US producers and harm US allies in East Asia.


David Dollar, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and a former US Treasury emissary in Beijing, echoed the view, saying, "As the US imposes tariffs (on China), half of that pain will be felt by other countries".


While FIRRMA does not claim to specifically target Chinese investment, Chinese FDI in the tech sector is expected to face the toughest scrutiny under the new law.


In 2014, Hufbauer and his colleagues Fred Bergsten and Sean Miner coauthored the book Bridging the Pacific: Toward Free Trade and Investment Between China and the United States, in which they argue that both countries will benefit enormously from free-trade and investment accords.


Roach said the two governments should cease and desist on tariffs.


"Tariffs are bad－there is no such thing as a good trade war," he said, rebutting a Trump tweet earlier that said "a trade war is good and easy to win".


The conflict between China and the Philippines over the South China Sea has been decades, and the problem is difficult to solve in the near future, Zhao said, adding that the best way is to start with problems that are easy to reach agreements, before moving to more complex issues.


"China and Philippines can temporarily put aside differences, and discuss issues of joint exploration first,"Zhao said.


He stressed that if China and Philippines decide to restart diplomatic mechanism, under no circumstances should the South China Sea arbitration be used as reference.


And if this goes unchecked, there could be unexpected outcomes that, like the protests in 2012, cause serious social and personal damage.


Unfortunately, what happened in the past, especially the brutal attack on the Toyota driver in Xi'an and smashing of cars made by Japanese companies in some Chinese cities four years ago, shows that things often go out of control if not properly managed from the start.


No doubt, foreign-funded companies should not be exempt from punishment if they violate Chinese laws and regulations.


The US Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Lassen sails in the Pacific Ocean in a November 2009 photo provided by the US Navy.


Yet China has reiterated it safeguards freedom of navigation and overflight in the South China Sea and does not seek to challenge US primacy in the Asia-Pacific.


As a matter of fact, the makeshift arbitral tribunal has nothing to do with the United Nations or the International Court of Justice, which have made separate statements earlier last week.


The international community has been very cautious when it comes to the identification of islands and reefs, how come the five arbitrators can make the decision in less than one year.


The US has kept preaching the upholding of international law, but has not even ratified UNCLOS, not to mention that it refused to implement the 1986 ruling in the Nicaragua vs US by the International Court of Justice, which is a UN affiliate.


Since China and ASEAN established an overall dialogue framework in 1991, the two sides have had ever-deepening cooperation in politics and security, robust cooperation in economy and trade, and significant achievement in people-to-people exchanges.


The ASEAN member states have adhered to the one-China policy, supported China's peaceful reunification and accommodated China's concerns on issues of paramount importance.


In 2015, we signed a Protocol to upgrade the CAFTA and identified more than 20 fields to carry out practical cooperation including 11 priority areas of agriculture, information and communication technologies, human resources development, investment, Mekong River area development, transportation, energy, culture, tourism, public health and environment.


The aforementioned facts show clearly that despite the difficulties, such as territorial disputes in the South China Sea, the intervention of countries outside the region and the not well-established cooperation mechanism, the communication and cooperation between China and the ASEAN member states have never ceased and have brought great benefits to all countries.


He gave a full account of China's policy toward ASEAN and clarified the long-term objectives of China-ASEAN relationship.


But if the US chooses to take sides, as it does now - siding with the Philippines - that's not the solution," he said.


The senior expert also questioned the sense of the tribunal's ruling, saying that if Taiping Island is not an island, as was said in the ruling, the world map will have to be revised, because many islands occupied by other countries, including Japan, would fall under the same category.


"Vietnam is unlikely to institute a similar case, as it always had a unique way of resolving differences with China, sometimes through party-to-party channels," he said.


"At present, if you work with China, you are better off.


Fan Jishe, a US researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said the US "has played a negative role in the South China Sea disputes, and its proactive engagement in the Asia-Pacific region has aggravated conflicts".


Zuo Xiying, an international studies specialist at Renmin University of China, said the South China Sea has become the forefront of China-US competition, and "it would be a good thing if they reinforce strategic communication and formulate more rules accepted by both".


Su Ge, president of the China Institute of International Studies, told the World Peace Forum in Beijing over the weekend that "although cooperation between Beijing and Washington cannot end all the issues in the world, not a single major issue could be resolved if the two sides walk into full-scale confrontation".


Fan Jishe, a US researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, warned that the US "has played a negative role in the South China Sea dispute, and its proactive engagement in Asia-Pacific aggravated conflicts".


Zuo Xiying, an international studies specialist at the Renmin University of China, said the South China Sea had become the forefront of China-US competition, and "it would be a good thing if they reinforce strategic communication and formulate more rules accepted by both".


Su Ge, president of the China Institute of International Studies, told the World Peace Forum in Beijing at the weekend that:"Although

the cooperation between Beijing Washington cannot give an end to all the issues in the world, not a single major issue could be resolved if the two sides walk into full-scale confrontation.


He said China's military modernization is aimed at safeguarding its sovereignty and security, as well as world peace and stability, and the military reform, weapons development and cyberspace defense are justifiable and reasonable.


He further asked how "natives" - as Chinese were referred to in the British and French texts - were expected to "notify themselves" about holding their own lands for centuries.


On this basis, China ratified the convention in 1996, when it made a declaration reaffirming its sovereignty over all its archipelagoes and islands, including those in the South China Sea.


Any attempt to settle such disputes by mechanically applying the procedures under the UNCLOS is manifestly an abuse of the procedures.


Stefan Talmon, professor at the University of Bonn Judicial decisions, like any legal decisions, are not cast in stone - even if some lawyers want to make you believe that.


I argue that if the tribunal had a better composition, perhaps things may be different.


Supposedly, if arbitrators from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations had joined the case, things could have been better understood.


It is time for us to rethink and re-evaluate, with urgency, what are the real differences that divide us in the South China Sea," Tung said as he delivered a keynote address to open the forum in Hong Kong on Friday.


Which sounded impeccable, but had an obvious logical fraud

: He confused the rule of international law with this specific award, although they are intrinsically different.


It is rather a wronged party's justified fight for justice, against the outrageous abuse of international law.


In doing so, this "common challenge", if properly handled, can help both sides, especially Taiwan, to realize the importance of their mutual trust again.


Noting that all previous nations that rose to great global power status (Portugal, Spain, the Netherlands, Britain, France, Germany, Japan, Russia and the United States) did so through war and plunder, China's route should be different and peaceful.


A major driver, argued Zheng, is that the country still needed to do so much to develop itself and lift the Chinese people to reasonable standards of living following the devastating experiences China had suffered in the 19th and 20th centuries.


The failure of the Doha Round has made the World Trade Organization moribund, with the current global trade regime dangerously adrift.


Four nuclear powers－Israel, India, Pakistan and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea－are not signatories to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.


While Washington calls on Beijing to abide by the ruling of the arbitral tribunal in the Philippines' case against China over the South China Sea dispute, it has not even ratified the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea that it swears by.


While there is a global state of uncertainty, there are also specificities that relate to the situation in the Asia-Pacific region.


This is alas emphatically not the same atmosphere in the Asia-Pacific where deep historical wounds coupled with multiple territorial disputes poison the atmosphere.


The worsening security situation within and around Europe coupled with the high level of immigration from countries in the Middle East and North Africa, which is exacerbating the unemployment in some countries, particularly among young people, is making for difficult times for the bloc.


Naval chiefs from China and the United States are set to hold their first face-to-face meeting since the July 12 ruling on the arbitration case brought by the Philippines, which has intensified tensions in the South China Sea.


It added that the South China Sea dispute, the ongoing Rim of the Pacific exercise and navy-to-navy collaboration will be high on the agenda.


Zhao Xiaozhuo, a researcher at the Center on China-US Defense Relations at the PLA Academy of Military Science, said if the US further approaches China's territorial waters, such action would have "huge negative effects" and would be "unreasonable".


On this basis, Tung said, China ratified the Convention in 1996, when it made a declaration reaffirming its sovereignty over all its archipelagos and islands, including those in the South China Sea.


China's military reform, weapons and equipment development and its defense capability building in cyberspace are justifiable and reasonable, said Wu, noting that US accusations in the report are pure conjecture.


Xue said any jurisdiction should be made on a coessential base, while China was "dragged" into the compulsory arbitration procedure even if it has already made the optional exceptions declaration pursuant to Article 298 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.


"But since certain countries commented on the issue, it is thus necessary for China to come out to clarify its stance and spell out the truth," he said.


According to the anonymous Chinese diplomat, a vast number of countries "expressed understanding of China's stance in difference forms" and "accepted our stance on dispute settlement via dialogue and consultation.


The only area that holds promise for growth and stability is in the vast Asia-Pacific," Tung said.


As long as China and the Philippines remain committed to the principles and spirit of the DOC, to properly settling differences through dialogue and consultation and growing friendship and mutually beneficial cooperation, our bilateral ties will enjoy a bright future.


Third, the US perceives the rapid rise of China as a threat, and China's territorial disputes with some neighbors in the South China Sea have given the US an excuse to shift the majority of its naval forces to the West Pacific.


The shift in US naval forces has reduced their presence in the Middle East.


The "pivot to Asia" strategy hasn't worked well in the Asia-Pacific region either.


And although the building of artificial islands has strengthened China's claims in the South China Sea, the US Navy's and spy-planes' frequent reconnaissance missions into China's maritime economic zone have heightened the risk of a military conflict.


By shifting its strategic priorities to the Middle East, the US will not only be able to protect the key interests in Saudi Arabia and Israel, but also check the rise of sectarianism and extremism in the region that pose the greatest challenge to its security.


China's reaction to this affront has been restrained, to say the least, as it is not too difficult to conclude that China is the encroached-upon party rather than the encroacher.


China has said the door to talks is always open, but it will not welcome any unreasonable demands nor sit idle if deliberately provoked.


China will now decide whether to set up an air defense identification zone over the South China Sea in accordance with the extent of the threat it faces.


The only area that holds promise for growth and stability is in the vast Asia-Pacific region," Tung said.


Li told Abe that the two sides should properly manage and control differences, and he said Japan is not a country directly involved in the South China Sea dispute, according to a news release by the Chinese side after the meeting.


Abe said that although difficulties still cloud China-Japan ties, Tokyo hopes to reinforce exchanges and cooperation and properly manage differences, the release said.


According to US statistics, last year, the US imported about $505 billion worth of Chinese goods and exported about $130 billion of goods to China, a difference of about $375 billion.


Since it joined the WTO in 2001, China has substantially reduced import tariffs.


In fact, by 2010 it had fulfilled all its tariff reduction commitments－reducing average tariff level from 15.


8 percent, and average tariff rate on farm products from 23.


You could challenge that by saying China imposed higher automobile tariffs than the US did.


And it has to create about 15 million urban jobs every year, and take measures to make life easier for about 87 million people with disabilities.


Foreign firms to benefit from lower tariffs The Chinese authorities recently announced the lowering of tariffs on 1,449 import items, covering almost all aspects of daily consumption, including clothing and footwear, home appliances, food and beverage, cosmetics and personal care products.


In this round of reduction, the average tariff rate of the goods involved was reduced from 15.


In particular, the average tariff rates for cars and auto spare parts were reduced to 15 percent and 6 percent, respectively.


China was also keen to transition from being a manufacturing-based economy to an innovation-led economy, which it knows is possible only if it allocates more funds to and expands its research and development sector.


Those who accuse China of forced technology transfer have never presented even one specific case as an example.


China and the US have witnessed many difficulties and challenges during their nearly four decades of diplomatic relations.


But joint efforts for and pursuit of healthy bilateral relations helped the two countries to overcome those difficulties.


Abe said although difficulties still clouded Japan-China ties, Tokyo hoped to reinforce exchanges and cooperation and appropriately manage divergences.


"They (the US) don't have claims in the area, and they even haven't ratified the UNCLOS (United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea)," he added.


But such attempts are futile, to say the least, and in so doing, they are only lifting a stone to drop it on their own feet.


In fact, ASEAN has long made clear its neutrality on this issue and its position of not intervening in specific disputes.


As for specific disputes, China will maintain communication and consultation with those ASEAN member states who are directly concerned to address them in a proper way.


In recent years, however, bilateral relations have run into serious difficulty as a result of the previous Philippine government's hostile policy toward China on the South China Sea issue and its unilateral initiation of the arbitration.


As long as China and the Philippines remain committed to the principles and spirit of the DOC, to properly settling differences through dialogue and consultation and growing friendship and mutually beneficial cooperation,our bilateral ties will enjoy a bright future.


We have always maintained that China and its neighboring countries in the South China Sea have the wisdom and capability to manage differences and build the area into a sea of peace, cooperation and friendship.


Ramos, who was president from 1992 to 1998, acknowledged Duterte's decision, but did not say if he would accept the president's request.


He added that the president had said the country should avoid "taunting and flaunting" the decision if it favors the Philippines.


He said it was mentioned when the cabinet was talking about the different responses and options that the Philippines might do following the award.


Countries need to be focused on peaceful development and create better life for the people in the area, he said.


China stands ready to maintain high-level exchanges and develop greater synergy between the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative and Brunei's "Vision 2035," expand sectors of cooperation, advance maritime cooperation and help Brunei with economic diversification, he noted.


According to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which Japan signed in 1983, rocks that cannot sustain human habitation or economic life of their own may have no exclusive economic zone or continental shelf.


Okinotori has never been inhabited, and its economic life is disputable.


That's why most Asian countries overcame difficulties after the global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009.


The initiative combines technology, infrastructure, scientific innovation and finance to drive new growth in the world economy.


We are aware

the timing of this year's ASEM is sensitive due to the geopolitical conflicts that have intensified in recent months, especially the situation in the South China Sea.


Europe is experiencing a difficult time, as some unexpected events have taken place in a short time frame.


But it is more difficult to get people to understand each other.


Nation may act if it is threatened, official says China would not rule out the option of setting up an air defense identification zone over the South China Sea if it felt threatened, according to a senior Chinese diplomat.


Liu Zhenmin, vice-minister of foreign affairs, said on July 13 that such a move, which would require aircraft entering the ADIZ to identify themselves to the Chinese military, would depend on "the level of threat received".


Some experts have accused the US of stirring matters in the sea to block China and improve its regional military and diplomatic presence, and of using former Philippine president Benigno Aquino was used as a pawn to aid its Asia-Pacific strategy.


"We can see Washington, which never ratified the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, encouraged and supported Manila to initiate the arbitration case from the very beginning," Tao says, adding that the top lawyers Manila hired were US citizens.


"On the whole, if you look at China's history, it has been a very good obeyer of international laws and has kept to all international treaties that it has signed.


Prior to the civil flights, civil aviation authorities conducted flights to the two airports on July 12 to verify the airports' ability to ensure the safety of civil airliners.


In addition to the airports, China has built lighthouses, hospitals and scientific research centers on the islands that serve the world, Wu says.


The Ministry of Transport confirmed on July 10 that China has completed the construction of four lighthouses on reefs in the Nansha Islands and is currently building a fifth one to aid navigation in the area.


Keyuan Zou, Harris Professor of International Law at the University of Central Lancashire

You cannot have arbitration if one side says it does not participate, because arbitration is between two parties who want to participate.


The same spirit was enshrined in the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, a document of far-reaching historic significance agreed on by China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, including the Philippines.


In the worst-case scenario, if a dispute arises between states concerning the interpretation or application of the convention, according to the UNCLOS, "the parties shall proceed expeditiously to an exchange of views".


It's only in recent years that such a positive trend has been interrupted, if not obstructed.


But one has to admit that the reaction from the other side of the Pacific to the positive development and achievements in Southeast Asia, especially the launching of the "Asia-Pacific rebalancing" in 2010, has had a profound impact on the region.


Title 'America First' policy dooms US' Indo-Pacific strategy to failure


While US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's elaboration on a free and open Indo-Pacific at a business forum in Washington on Monday, two days before he embarked on a trip to Asia, was not short of lofty words and promises, it did lack honesty, sincerity and substance.


The Donald Trump administration's so-called Indo-Pacific strategy is a rebranding of the pivot to Asia strategy of the Obama administration with the same aim of countering China's growing influence in the region, which is viewed by Washington as a challenge to its dominance.


Pompeo and other senior State Department officials have tried to depict the Indo-Pacific strategy as inclusive and not meant to contain China, but such words are not credible.


The Trump administration in May abruptly canceled its invitation to China to the Rim of the Pacific naval exercises despite the fact that China participated in the drills in 2014 and 2016 when tension in the South China Sea was much higher.


China-haters in Washington have been celebrating the administration's Indo-Pacific strategy, especially the so-called Quad alliance, which brings together the US, Japan, Australia and India in concerted efforts to contain China.


But close observers know their interests are not aligned and it will be difficult for them to bring them into alignment.


Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi explicitly stated at the Shangri-La Dialogue two months ago that India seeks an "inclusive" Indo-Pacific and will not isolate any country, a clear message to the US.


What really undermines the entire Indo-Pacific strategy is US President Donald Trump's "America First" policy, which contradicts everything Pompeo tried to sell to the region.


By withdrawing the US from the Paris climate accord, the Iran nuclear deal, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and UNESCO, and by disdaining the World Trade Organization and the international trade system, Trump has seriously damaged the credibility and leadership of the US in the region.


Unable to claim the moral high ground and without the power of setting a good example for the region, the US will hardly succeed with its flawed Indo-Pacific strategy.


China has never ceased carrying out activities such as patrolling and law enforcement, resources development and scientific survey on Nanhai Zhudao and relevant waters.


The Philippines, turning a blind eye to bilateral consensus, has repeatedly taken moves that complicate the relevant disputes, gradually intensified the relevant disputes between China and the Philippines in the South China Sea.


While firmly safeguarding its territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea, China adheres to the position of settling disputes through negotiation and consultation and managing differences through rules and mechanisms.


In such a situation, a matter of outstanding significance is China's foreign relations and

diplomacy－and no matter how multifarious and complicated the reasons are, China's relations with neighbors have been less than desirable in recent years.


Whatever happens, it is necessary to prevent drastic escalation of strategic competition and rivalry between China and the United States, and to continue improving all-round relations with Southeast Asian nations as a very significant component of Chinese diplomacy.


But just one day after the arbitral tribunal passed an utterly one-sided ruling in the case initiated by the Philippines against China in the South China Sea dispute, Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told ABC Radio that China's reputation would suffer if it ignores the ruling, and called on both Beijing and Manila to respect it.


Telecast just two days after Australia's national elections, the program drew a lot of attention from both sides, testifying to the rising importance of China-Australia ties and concerns over the effect of the South China Sea issue on them.


Explanations that Australia relies heavily on the shipping lanes in the South China Sea to justify its involvement in the disputes seem superficial after John Russell with the North Head Communications, admitted during the debate that Canberra's role in the South China Sea is just a political contribution to Washington's stance on the issue.


In response, Zhu Feng, director of the Collaborative Innovation Center of South China Sea Studies at Nanjing University, said he respects Australia's history and believes China does not seek to weaken the alliance, but he earnestly hopes Canberra develops an independent policy toward Beijing that truly reflects its importance in the Asia-Pacific region.


Therefore, compared with domestic challenges, the one posed by the South China Sea issue can be more difficult for Turnbull to deal with.


Turnbull should understand it would serve Australia's interests, too, if it does not jump on the US bandwagon so eagerly to fish in the troubled waters of the South China Sea.


The author is deputy editor-in-chief of China Daily Asia Pacific.


Despite this, China has never swayed from its resolve to defend its sovereignty and maritime rights, for which generations of Chinese people have made great sacrifices.


During a meeting with Premier Li Keqiang in Ulaanbaatar, the capital of Mongolia, Phuc also said Vietnam stands ready to push forward bilateral maritime negotiations and properly manage differences with China, in order to contribute to regional peace and stability.


Phuc said Vietnam and China enjoy a "comradely and brotherly" relationship with common interests significantly overriding differences.


Vietnam stands ready to push forward the mechanism of bilateral maritime negotiations and properly manage differences with China, so as to contribute to regional peace and stability, Phuc said.


’

To simplify, this is a private entity established to facilitate arbitration by member states on a willing buyer willing seller basis.


It has no authority and no legal status if a disputing party is not willing to subject itself to its arbitration.


Having established the basis and nature of the PCA, it would be interesting if the Philippines would to file another case to claim the state of Sabah as part of the Philippines.


The most dangerous implications arising from this precedent, if it can be called a precedent, would be on countries agreeing to the Trans Pacific Pact (TPP) that the Americans are proposing.


It is a miscarriage of justice and an attempt to usurp the rights of a nation state in matters of the state and sovereignty if the PCA, a commercial organization, is deemed to have such authority.


The successive Chinese governments have marked Nanhai Zhudao as Chinese territory on official maps, such as the 1755 Tian Xia Zong Yu Tu (General Map of Geography of the All-under-heaven) of the Huang Qing Ge

Zhi Sheng Fen Tu (Map of the Provinces Directly under the Imperial Qing Authority), the 1767 Da Qing

Wan Nian Yi Tong Tian

Xia Tu (Map of the Eternally Unified All-under-heaven of the Great Qing Empire), the 1810 Da Qing

Wan Nian Yi

Tong Di

Li Quan Tu (Map of the Eternally Unified Great Qing Empire) and the 1817

Da Qing Yi Tong Tian Xia Quan Tu (Map of the Unified

All-underheaven of the Great Qing Empire).


China will offer other services, such as scientific research and meteorology, to countries in the region, Wang added.


As per design, the international tribunal doesn't qualify to judge maritime rights based on their sovereign nature.


For instance, the court has ruled that Taiping Island of the Nansha Islands doesn't really constitute a "legally qualified island", contradicting the simple fact that people have been living on the island, largely self-sufficiently, for a long time.


When China joined the UNCLOS in the 1980s and ratified the convention in 1990s, it retained the Nine-Dash Line to indicate these rights.


The United States has a problem with the seabed chapter of the convention, so it joined the convention without ratifying it.


Despite the international effort to revise the convention in the 1990s for the sake of the US, it has yet to ratify the document.


China has employed such an approach of participation and consultation to both make the regime cohesive and to reconcile its differences with counter-claimants.


That's why the convention does not have unified rules on historic rights, and does not say its rules can replace historic rights.


That's why the tribunal only ambiguously recognized the Philippines' appeal constitutes a dispute that is applicable or explainable according to the convention, without clarifying which articles of the convention are relevant.


Meanwhile, the whole process of the arbitral tribunal completely drifted away from the principle of procedural justice.


The reasons may be different, but countries from Brazil and Colombia to Bolivia and Venezuela are battling the political apparition of capital, be it domestic or foreign.


The standoff between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the Republic of Korea has intensified after Seoul's move to deepen relations with Washington, especially after the ROK decided to allow the US to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system on its soil.


In January 1935, a Chinese government map verification committee, consisting of representatives from ministries and departments of internal affairs, foreign affairs, education and navy, declared sovereignty over 132 islands, reefs and shoals.


In 1983, China's board on geographic names published a list identifying some South China Sea islands, and decided Huangyan Island would be the standard name of the island and Democratic Reef an alternate name.


In addition, the maritime expert believed "if judged objectively, the ruling cannot be a leverage for the Philippines.


When asked whether tribunal's ruling will intensify conflict or even confrontation in the region, Encomienda said, "if left to the two of us (China and the Philippines), the ruling should not intensify anything.


The highly disputed arbitration, unilaterally initiated by the administration of former Philippine president Benigno Aquino III in January 2013, was criticized by maritime law experts and scholars around the world because of the tribunal's lack of justifiable jurisdiction in the case.


Feng Yongbin/China Daily China could set up an air defense identification zone over the South China Sea if it felt threatened, a senior diplomat said on Wednesday amid rising maritime tensions caused by the Philippines' arbitration case.


The declaration of such a zone, which would require aircraft entering the zone to identify themselves to the military, will depend on "the level of threat we receive", said Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin.


It will certainly intensify conflicts and confrontation.


I believe this is an outright manifestation of "might is right".


Indeed, in any country, if a government fails to stand up and defend its own sovereignty and territory, if it fails to defend the core interest of its own people, there is no image to speak of.


Second, what has intensified tensions in the region.


China and other countries in the region were able to manage the differences for so many years, and we were able to develop an overall friendly and cooperative relationship with each other.


We even succeeded in formulating the DOC, and there have been small but significant progress towards joint development of resources.


In the last few years, disputes intensified, relations strained and confidence weakened.


If the Asia-Pacific is destabilized, if the momentum of regional economic growth is weakened, if armed conflict started, everybody's interest will be hurt, including our interest, the interest of other countries in the region, and I'm sure the interest of the U.


China firmly stands for freedom of navigation in the South China Sea, because these sea lanes are the economic life lines for China and many countries in the region.


So we are confident that China and other parties concerned, if not disturbed, will be able to solve the disputes over time through negotiations and consultations.


They should not be magnified or exaggerated.


We want to see constructive and positive interactions in the Asia-Pacific between our two countries.


The company is setting its sights on the market in Japan, where a rapidly aging population finds it difficult to perform such tasks.


Amid intensifying trade disputes triggered by US President Donald Trump, the networking meeting in Tokyo was the latest event held by the Trilateral Cooperation Secretariat to promote exchanges between the three East Asian countries to benefit them all.


Lee Jong-heon, the secretariat's secretary-general, said closer cooperation between China, Japan and the ROK, which began in 1999, is significant in building an open global economy.


The partnership is a proposed free trade agreement between the 10 member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Australia, China, India, Japan, South Korea and New Zealand - the six Asia-Pacific states with which ASEAN has free trade agreements.


He said the three countries can cooperate within a "China-Japan-ROK plus X" framework, with the "X" signifying business approaches beyond the three.


The environment China, Japan and the ROK are facing is different to that in Europe.


"But we should take other factors, such as different geopolitical positions, or strategic perspectives and historical issues, into consideration," he said.


By combining their strengths, they can bring significant advantages to their populations.


The US started to impose 25 percent tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports on July 6.
9 billion worth of goods from Japanese companies in China will be targets of the new US tariffs, as they are earmarked for export to the US, according to Kyodo News Agency.


Kyodo said that if the trade dispute between China and the US worsens to a chronic level, Japanese companies will likely move their production sites from China to Southeast Asia to safeguard their earnings.


Eom Chi-sung, deputy secretary-general of the Federation of Korean Industries, expects that if peace is declared on the Korean Peninsula, China's Belt and Road Initiative will be expanded to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.


The Philippines has increasingly intensified its infringement of China's maritime rights and interests iii.


On managing differences and engaging in practical maritime cooperation in the South China Sea

v.


Situated to the south of China's mainland, and connected by narrow straits and waterways with the Pacific Ocean to the east and the Indian Ocean to the west, the South China Sea is a semi-closed sea extending from northeast to southwest.


This paper aims to clarify the facts and tell the truth behind the relevant disputes between China and the Philippines in the South China Sea, and to reaffirm China's consistent position and policy on the South China Sea issue, in order to get to the root of the issue and set the record straight.


For instance, in the Song Dynasty, China established a post of Jing Lüe An Fu Shi (Imperial Envoy for Management and Pacification) in the regions now known as Guangdong and Guangxi to govern the southern territory.


The successive Chinese governments have marked Nanhai Zhudao as Chinese territory on official maps, such as the 1755 Tian Xia Zong Yu Tu (General Map of Geography of the All-under-heaven) of the Huang Qing Ge

Zhi Sheng Fen Tu (Map of the Provinces Directly under the Imperial Qing Authority), the 1767 Da Qing

Wan Nian Yi Tong Tian

Xia Tu (Map of the Eternally Unified All-under-heaven of the Great Qing Empire), the 1810 Da Qing

Wan Nian Yi

Tong Di

Li Quan Tu (Map of the Eternally Unified Great Qing Empire) and the 1817

Da Qing Yi Tong Tian Xia Quan Tu (Map of the Unified All-under-heaven of the Great Qing Empire).


The French aggression triggered strong reactions and large scale protests from all walks of life across China.


China has never ceased carrying out activities such as patrolling and law enforcement, resources development and scientific survey on Nanhai Zhudao and in the South China Sea.


In May 1996, the Standing Committee of the Eighth National People's Congress made the decision at its Nineteenth Session to ratify UNCLOS, and at the same time declared that, "The People's Republic of China reaffirms its sovereignty over all its archipelagoes and islands as listed in Article 2 of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone which was promulgated on 25 February 1992.


appartiennent à la Chine", and that because we recognize the existence of only one China, "cela signifie que, pour nous, ces archipels appartiennent à la République populaire de Chine".


The 14th Assembly of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, held from 17 March to 1 April 1987, deliberated on the Global Sea-Level Observing System Implementation Plan 1985-1990

(IOC/INF-663 REV) submitted by the Commission's Secretariat.


The DOC calls on states directly involved in territorial and maritime disputes to resolve their differences through peaceful negotiations.


Shahid Qureshi, London Post's editor and political analyst, said the fact that "the tribunal has allowed the case to go ahead in spite of its lack of justifiable jurisdiction" poses a big question mark to the tribunal's "intention" and "interest.


Trump's strategic intention is clear China, however, also faces unusual difficulties and resistance.


That US President Donald Trump has identified China as a main strategic rival

makes clear his intention to contain China's rise.


The shift in China-US ties coincides with the new phase of "great development, great change, and great adjustment" in the global context, with the international environment getting more complicated and uncertainties growing.


These developments seriously affect global economic connectivity and coordinated development, restrict the resolution of global issues, and make global governance more difficult.


Second, differences over international rules have increased, the relatively balanced world order is breaking, and "disorder" and "fragmentation" are increasingly undermining global governance.


US-Russia confrontation is intensifying, the Middle East is in chaos and world energy supplies are fluctuating.


Four, the world faces the difficult choice between conflict and integration of civilizations.


But if the US insists on containing China, the chances of the two sides falling into the "Thucydides' trap" will increase.


That China has blazed a different trail has made the US realize it overestimated its capability to lead China's strategic orientation.


And the success of the "Chinese model", which offers other developing countries an option different from the "American model" for economic development, has made the US blind to China's remarkable contributions to the world and US economies.


The US faces difficult choices at home and abroad, as many in the US believe their country will pay a very high price for an all-out confrontation with China.


At present there is no greater concentration of conventional forces in the world than the US Naval presence in the Western Pacific, and there isn't any balance to that power, said political science professor Oskar Krejčíthe, director of the Institute of Global Studies of the Jan Amos Komensky University Prague and former adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czechoslovak government, to Prvnizpravy.


PZ:

In several of our interviews you said that the situation in the South China Sea presents one of the riskiest areas of tension in the world - if not the most dangerous.


In 2012, the United States began a policy of "rebalancing", or "restoring equilibrium" in the Pacific Ocean.


This is associated with the transfer of its military emphasis from the Atlantic to the Pacific.


By 2020, in the Atlantic region, there will remain 40 percent of US naval forces, while in the Pacific Ocean, which is designated as the new Heartland, there should be 60 percent of its military naval capacity.


Oskar Krejčí: At this point in the exercise, six out of 10 US aircraft carriers are on the mission, out of which, two are in the Pacific Ocean.


They sail through the East China and South China Sea and according to the latest reports, they are in the Philippine Sea and therefore in the Western Pacific.


The official justification by the US Navy is that they say their aim is to show the ability of the US to manage this massive merger of two assault groups.


It is a manifestation of the "forward of a military presence" strategy and, by politicians, the containment or pushing back of China.


Even if it is in the spirit of the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, which in 2002 was signed by China and the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN).


Of course, with good will, as manifested for example in 2000 with the signing of an agreement between Vietnam and China about the Gulf of Tonkin which set the borders and determined the rules for common fishing.


Chinese Council for the Promotion of Peaceful National Reunification-New York issued a statement with other Chinese communities in the New York area, expressing dissatisfaction and opposition to the ruling.


Founded in 1998, UCAPO has 30 subsidiary Chinese communities from different walks of life in the Washington area under its flagship.


Some suggested China should protect the territory even if it means war.


In a joint statement, Chinese for Peaceful Unification-Northern California, Chinese for Peaceful Unification-West America, and Committee to Promote the Reunification of China-San Francisco said they firmly uphold the Chinese government's stance on the issue and urge all Chinese, including Chinese overseas and in Taiwan, to help defend the nation's sovereignty over the South China Sea.


The three groups are members of the Association of China Peaceful Reunification of the United States and Federation for the Unification of China in America.


A total of 28 affiliated chapters of the two organizations all expressed their stances in different locations in the US on Tuesday.


"We feel angered and oppose to the so-called ruling," said Youyi Wu, president of Chinese for Peaceful Unification-West America.


Representatives from Chinese for Peaceful Unification-Northern California, Chinese for Peaceful Unification-West America, and Committee to Promote the Reunification of China-San Francisco gather in San Francisco to support the Chinese government's stance on South China Sea and urge all the Chinese to help defend the nation's sovereignty on South China Sea.


China would not allow the other unrelated countries to intervene in the dispute, said James Lee, president of Chinese for Peaceful Unification-Northern California.


Chinese Council for the Promotion of Peaceful National Reunification-New York issued a statement with other Chinese communities in the New York area, expressing opposition to the ruling.


"I believe this is an outright manifestation of 'might is right'," he said.


He said disputes have intensified, relations strained and confidence weakened in the last few years.


The Chinese ambassador warned that if the Asia-Pacific is destabilized, regional economic growth momentum weakened and armed conflict starts, everyone's interests will be hurt.


"So we are confident that China and other parties concerned, if not disturbed, will be able to resolve boundary issues over time through negotiations and consultations," he said.


"We want to see a constructive and positive interaction in the Asia-Pacific between our two countries.


Now it seems that the ruling will backfire in the end, and will only stiffen the Chinese government’s will and determination to defend its territorial integrity in the South China Sea.


The US instigation of Philippines and others to challenge China’s

territorial integrity will become a case of lifting a stone to strike its own foot in the end as well.


Even if the US sends all its ten carriers to the South China Sea, it will not be able to scare China into submission.


The whitepaper, released by China's State Council Information Office, accused the Philippines of "having increasingly intensified its infringement of China's maritime and interests".


Since Manila's unilateral move is a violation of international law and judicial practices, the arbitration and ruling make no difference to China's legal status in the South China Sea.


In a statement justifying its "jurisdiction" over the Philippines' case, the tribunal separated a country's maritime interests from its sovereignty, while questioning the validity of bilateral or multilateral agreements because they do not rule out the possibility of third-party intervention.


Such misinterpretations can harm the legitimacy and authority of UNCLOS, making it difficult for disputing countries to solve their problems through bilateral or multilateral channels.


That further nullifies the tribunal's attempt to decide the ownership of certain islands.


A series of legal instruments, such as the 1958 Declaration of the Government of the People's Republic of China on China's Territorial Sea, the 1992 Law of the People's Republic of China on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone, the 1998 Law of the People's Republic of China on the Exclusive Economic Zone and the Continental Shelf and the 1996 Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China on the Ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, have further reaffirmed China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea.


Ambrosi said he opposed locating migrant centers in strifetorn Libya and said populists in the EU failed to recognize how far the number of arrivals had dropped since 2015.


11, 2015 shows uniquely beautiful winter scenery of the Zhaoshu Island in the South China Sea.


The administration of former Philippine president Benigno Aquino was used as a pawn by the US to aid its Asia-Pacific rebalancing strategy, they said.


"We can see that Washington, which never ratified the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, encouraged and supported Manila to initiate the arbitration case from the very beginning," Tao said, adding that top lawyers Manila hired were US citizens.


If the situation in the South China Sea intensifies, the US will have more excuses to increase its military deployment in the Asia-Pacific, an important part of its rebalancing policy, Tao said.


Wang Shaopu, director of the Japan Study Center at Shanghai Jiaotong University, told Xinhua News Agency that Japan has adapted itself to Washington's Asia-Pacific rebalancing strategy to counter China, and its interference in the South China Sea is an example.


Foreign Minister Wang Yi warned on Tuesday that the arbitral ruling has placed the South China Sea "in a dangerous situation of intensifying tension and confrontation".


Washington, which has been trampling over the law in the name of "respecting" it, will surely not let slip the opportunity the ruling offers to vilify Beijing, its own contempt for customary international law and reluctance to ratify the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea notwithstanding.


So while enthusiastic third parties may provide them with all ammunition they need to confront China, if the parties concerned are truly seeking peaceful solutions to the disputes, they should not miss out before Beijing has to close the door to negotiations.


Below, we clarify that state consent is the basis of the compulsory arbitration under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (the UNCLOS).


With such a fragmentary approach, the Tribunal has not only failed to isolate the real disputes, but has also largely nullified the right of States by only recognizing the right to exclude compulsory procedures with respect to disputes on the final determination of the maritime boundary line.


The current Tribunal has no jurisdiction over the real disputes in the Arbitration, and its ultra vires acts could create neither jurisdiction nor binding force; consequently, its Awards do not meet the qualification of being complied.


Bearing in mind the significance of state consent as the very foundation of international judicial/arbitral organs, Concerned about the abuse of legal process and ultra vires acts in the South China Sea Arbitration, Noting the dangerous tendency towards the judicial/arbitral expansion in the field of the law of the sea, and, Worried about the degradation of the role of State’s negotiation

, We hereby: Request international judicial and arbitral organs to act strictly within their mandate under international law, to faithfully fulfill their duty in identifying the real dispute between parties, to adjudicate within the realm of their jurisdiction and to avoid acting ultra vires.


The so-called arbitral ruling has placed the South China Sea "in the dangerous situation of intensifying tension and confrontation", Foreign Minister Wang Yi warned on Tuesday.


A series of legal instruments, such as the 1958 Declaration of the Government of the People' s Republic of China on China

' s Territorial Sea, the 1992 Law of the People' s Republic of China on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone, the 1998 Law of the People' s Republic of China on the Exclusive Economic Zone and the Continental Shelf and the 1996 Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People' s Congress of the People' s Republic of China on the Ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, have further reaffirmed China' s territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests in the South China Sea.


Both sides acknowledge that intensified efforts are required in order to achieve meaningful gains from cooperation agreements that were initiated.


The two countries recognize that defense and military cooperation is a significant component of bilateral relations and contributes to the peace and stability of the region.


Both sides agree to strengthen law enforcement cooperation, and will enhance cooperation and communication to combat transnational crimes, including job-related crimes, telecommunications fraud, illegal on-line gambling, cybercrimes, human trafficking and illegal wildlife trade.


The MOU signifies China's cognizance of the qualifications and competence of Filipino teachers to work in tertiary educational institutions as teachers of the English language.


Both sides agree to cooperate in the implementation of relevant international maritime instruments to ensure the safety of life at sea, marine environmental protection, and human resources development.


Handover Certificate of Emergency Humanitarian Cash Assistance between the Government of the People's Republic of China and the Government of the Republic of the Philippines 10.
Certificate of Authority to Operate for the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC)

Limited-Manila Branch.


Four questions need to be answered to clarify the the real situation.


The reality is that , more thanover 100,000one hundred thousand merchant ships pass through these waters every year and none has ever run into any difficulty with freedom of navigation.


What is "militarisation" or "troublemaking" if not this blatant show of force.


The author, Hannah Beech, TIME's East Asia and China Bureau Chief, called US a "renegade country" and "the longtime outlier" that declines to ratify a major UN convention to which more than 160 other countries are party.


"After years of complaints, the nation convinces the UN to tweak the treaty to many of its specifications.


The US, as one of the most vocal countries urging China to hew to the international order, cannot stop to routinely scuttle efforts to ratify UNCLOS.


Since the US rebalance to the Asia-Pacific, the US has deepened its intervention in the South China Sea disputes


I cannot but dismiss these allegations and vilifications as groundless and unjustified.


The same spirit was enshrined in the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC), a document of far-reaching historic significance agreed upon by China and the ASEAN, including the Philippines.


In the worst scenario, if a dispute arises between States Parties concerning the interpretation or application of the Convention, according to the UNCLOS, "the Parties shall proceed expeditiously to an exchange of views.


It is only in recent years that such positive trend was interrupted if not obstructed.


People may have different observations of the root cause of the present fluid situation.


But one has to admit that the reaction from the other side of the Pacific to the positive development and achievements in Southeast Asia, especially the launching of the "Asia-Pacific rebalancing" in 2010, has had profound impact on the region.


Makoto Taniguchi, former Japanese ambassador to UN Even if the Philippines proposes the arbitration request to the Permanent Court of Arbitration (PCA), but its counterpart China does not participate in it, the tribunal should not hear the case.


John Ross, well-known columnist in Britain, former deputy mayor of London

You can not have arbitration if one side says it does not participate, because arbitration is between two parties who want to participate.


We just need to see the Middle East to understand how hard it is once we go down a particular route to get back to normal life.


Both sides also exchanged views on issues including the situation in Asia-Pacific, Taiwan and the South China Sea.


The victory of the ruling coalition led by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Japan's upper house election on Sunday may pose a threat to regional stability, as it could give Abe enough power to put Japan's postwar pacifist Constitution in jeopardy.


But over the past three years, Abe has exploited every opportunity to firmly push forward his political agenda and gradually overturn 70 years of pacifism in Japan despite public protests.


With Japan's pacifist Constitution at stake and Abe's power expanding, it is alarming both for Japan's Asian neighbors and Japan itself, as Japan's militarization will benefit neither.


The ruling is likely to have a variety of diplomatic implications for Asia-Pacific affairs.


Such are their differences on the South China Sea issue that many fear they could lead to a military conflict.


Thanks to the US' abrupt intervention and the support of its allies, including Japan, Australia and some European countries, the Beijing-Manila dispute is being used as a bargaining chip in a strategic contest between the major powers in the Asia-Pacific region.


It has yet to ratify the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea that it claims to seek to safeguard.


Escalated US military provocations cannot be ruled out in the wake of the arbitration ruling

should it be able to claim that the ruling "justifies" them.


After all, keeping tensions high serves the US' interests and helps justify its huge military presence in the region as part of its "rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific" strategy.


For foreign policy decision-makers and experts, one thing particularly difficult is to understand how the Trump Administration is governing the US and making policies relating to other countries, most of which have already seen the US as an Unpredictable States of America.


Specifically, experts in and outside the US feel confused by the confusing and contradicting representations and remarks by the President, his White House advisers and cabinet officials.


In a few cases, people even don’t know if President Trump speaks for the US government.


China’s rotating installations of certain military facilities on certain Chinese islands in the sea are not aiming at any specific countries but the necessary defense postures for defending the peace, stability and safe passage of all ships navigating through the sea area.


We don’t know if Secretary Mattis would have an “eye-to-eye” opportunity to report to President Trump after his trip, but we do hope he would bring these messages back to the US.


However, as Hua said, if someone keeps displaying their muscles on your doorstep and peering through your windows, would you ignore it or would you take action.


And because of this, it tries as much as it can to keep the differences and even disputes with the US under control.


It always puts the large picture of China-US relations as well as the world situation before its grievances on specific matters.


(This order, of course, is different from the "rule-based order" advocated by some outside powers.


In fact, in the DOC signed by China and ASEAN back in 2002, the fifth article listed four kinds of CBMs: holding dialogues and exchange of views as appropriate between defense and military officials; ensuring just and humane treatment of all persons who are either in danger or in distress; notifying, on a voluntary basis, other parties concerned of any impending joint/combined military exercise; and exchanging, on a voluntary basis, relevant information.


In October 2015, at the 10th China-ASEAN Senior Officials Meeting on the Implementation of the DOC in Chengdu, Sichuan province, China and ASEAN officials identified maritime cooperation as one of the three main areas to pursue in further implementing the DOC.


Participants agreed to have greater cooperation on navigation safety, search and rescue, marine scientific research and environmental protection, as well as combating transnational crimes at sea.


One is the Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea adopted by ASEAN member states' navies at the Western Pacific Naval Symposium in Qingdao, Shandong province, in April 2014.


But because both sides still have some different views on the COC, it will be a hard and relatively long process.


Despite the many positive developments in the South China Sea, we should recognize that in the COC negotiation, China and ASEAN member states still have some major differences on the content of the COC, which may pose a challenge to the negotiation process.


Besides, the two sides have different views about the COC negotiation process.


It is gratifying that China and India have established a principle of resolving the border issue through three steps.


And coordination mechanisms on the border issue have been established at different levels.


Militarily, there is no such thing as competition, be it in the Pacific Ocean or in the Indian Ocean.


If the Pacific Ocean can accommodate China and the United States, so can the Indian Ocean accommodate China and India.


It is beyond doubt that whether the world's largest developed country and largest developing country can better manage their differences is the key to peace and development in the Asia-Pacific and the world at large.


More communication will also help both sides to work out ways to better manage or even shelve their differences As far as the South China Sea is concerned, China has no intention of interfering with freedom of navigation except for its efforts to defend its own territorial waters.


Title

How China brings peace, stability to the Asia-Pacific
by Xinhua

writers Dan Ran,

Wang Lili SINGAPORE Military officials, diplomats and experts from across the Asia-Pacific gathered in Singapore over the weekend for the 17th Asia Security Summit, commonly known as the Shangri-La Dialogue, discussing security challenges and cooperation prospects in the region.


This year's dialogue took place while the Asia-Pacific is witnessing a series of positive geopolitical changes, including a detente on the Korean Peninsula, improved ties between some major countries, and enhanced efforts to settle regional disputes.


STRONGER TIES FOR REGIONAL STABILITY China's security vision for the Asia-Pacific is simple: major countries that get along will boost peace, stability and economic development.


"The great cooperation between our two great countries can influence the world," Xi said during the meeting, and Modi said the meeting was of historic significance.


"Both sides are willing to view bilateral ties from a strategic and long-term perspective, without being hindered by differences and disputes, and join hands to safeguard regional stability," Liu Lin, associate research fellow with the War Studies College of the PLA Academy of Military Science, told Xinhua on the sidelines of the Shangri-la Dialogue.


In this regard, China has put forward and promoted the Belt and Road Initiative to join hands with all participating countries including those in the Asia-Pacific to work towards connectivity, growth and prosperity.


How Beijing and Manila have successfully overcome their maritime dispute and strengthened their cooperation has set a good example for the region by showing that differences do not need be obstacles to friendly relations.


The People's Liberation Army then sent ships and aircraft to identify and warn off the US vessels, according to the Ministry of National Defense.


The US military vessels carried out maneuvers near Yongxing, Zhaoshu, Dongdao and Zhongjian islands in the Xishas, Reuters quoted an unidentified US official as saying on Sunday.


During his lifetime he was known as a Kunlun slave.


"People believed that they should take underground with them all the contracts signed during their lifetime, just in case of a dispute.


Let's not forget that in a society where things foreign were not just tolerated but celebrated, their masters bought them not for manual labor but to showcase wealth and a trendy life-style.


Their signature electrifying leaps and eye-bewildering twirls were expected to set everyone in a mood for carousal.


This has differentiated them from other foreigners, including the aforementioned black Southeastern Asians and the broad-faced, flat-nosed men from the Eurasian steppes.


"Despite their different origins, all of these men were either involved in regular exchanges with ancient China, or became part of it, thanks to the Silk Road," Rong says.


A Chinese fleet with about 1,200 soldiers and officers arrived in the Pearl Harbor Wednesday to take part in the Rim of the Pacific 2016 (RIMPAC 2016)

multinational naval exercise.
 

The Pentagon rescinded its invitation on Wednesday for the Chinese navy to join the biennial Rim of the Pacific exercise organized by the US Navy, accusing Beijing of "continued militarization" of the South China Sea.


Rather it is the pivot to the Asia-Pacific by the US that is to blame.


"They are totally different in nature than the behavior of driving one country's own military vessels and aircraft across a long, long distance to the South China Sea and posing a threat to regional countries," Lu added.


Bombers of different types, including an unspecified number of H-6Ks from a division of the PLA Air Force, took off from an airport in southern China and made a simulated strike before landing on an island in the South China Sea, according to an Air Force statement on Friday.


This is certainly a positive trend in China's foreign policy, which can be attributed to the country's diplomacy in the new era, which is totally different from the US' irresponsible behavior on the global stage.


For example, China and Singapore have deepened cooperation and communication in culture, economy and high-tech, including artificial intelligence technology.


The inter-Korean summit on April 27 issued the Panmunjom Declaration for Peace, Prosperity and Unification of the Korean Peninsula and thus laid a concrete foundation for the planned Kim-Trump meeting in Singapore on June 12.


Such kind of psychology, if unchecked, could erode the fragile mutual political trust between the two countries.


But the problem has become more and more complicated and difficult to solve.


How can the next generations and governments solve it if the current stalemate continues.


2 ji (100 grams) when put down but 1,000 ji when lifted up".


Nevertheless, it is common for any inter-state relationship like the one between Japan and China to experience twists and turns, as the clash of interests between different countries is an essential feature of international relations.


I believe the US, China and Russia are the three countries that can exercise significant influence on the world.


In today's world, people should think more carefully how to maintain and cherish peace and life.


But the fact is, China's rise and Japan's pursuit of self-reliance

both signify Asia's revival.


China's trade with countries along the route of the Belt and Road Initiative has grown significantly over the years, especially with the 10 ASEAN member countries.


This marks significant progress in the two sides' efforts to put the maritime disputes back on the track of dialogue and negotiations.


How Beijing and Manila have successfully overcome their maritime dispute and strengthened their cooperation has set a good example for the region by showing that differences do not need to be obstacles to friendly relations.


President Xi Jinping's visit to the Philippines, the first by a Chinese president in 13 years, was a significant step, as it mapped out a new blueprint for comprehensive strategic cooperative relations between the two countries.


For that, accusing fingers would more justifiably point at the United States and Japan.


According to The Globe and Mail, Senator Yuen Pau Woo, a former president of the Asia-Pacific Foundation and a leader of the Independent Senate Group, opposed the motion for a number of reasons.


"Simply making pious statements may appeal to a domestic constituency and may make us feel virtuous but, if they don't actually improve a conflictual situation, one has to question the value of these actions," Woo said.


On April 5, the Trump administration threatened to slap tariffs on $100 billion worth of Chinese imports.


The move came just days after the US Trade Representative proposed to levy additional 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods.


But considering the interdependence of the two economies and their significance to global trade, if a full-fledged trade war does break out, neither side will emerge a winner.


"Fifty percent of our trade goes through this area.


“Fifty percent of our trade goes through this area.


And while China and some of its neighbors do have overlapping territorial claims in the South China Sea, they have worked hard to manage their differences and prevent the disputes from getting out of hand.


Despite their differences, the two countries will advance their cooperation in areas including security, he said.


"We basically have an understanding that whatever differences we have should not be obstacles to promoting bilateral ties," Sta.


Romana said, adding that managing differences and finding areas of cooperation are key to the rapid progress the countries have made in the past two years.


He also elaborated on China's proposals for an open world economy and for greater economic integration in the Asia-Pacific.


We will get more in line with international economic and trade rules, significantly widen market access, open the services sector, especially the financial sector, wider, and create a more appealing investment environment.


We will broaden cooperation and narrow differences with them to jointly build a community of shared future in Asia.


To put it more broadly, as a partner that all sides can count on, China will continue to uphold the equality of countries regardless of their size, strength and wealth, stand for dialogue and consultation as the only approach to solving disputes and differences, support political settlement to regional hotspots and act constructively to that end.


Arguably to most, war means something different, namely an "all out" war or nuclear war.


But Yan means something else when he says that Trump cannot start a war with China "even if he wants to".


Trump and Xi also realize a good working relationship between the US and China is a sine qua non for the world economy to remain stable, nuclear proliferation to be controlled, the environment to be protected, and much more.


Hence it appears the US-China relationship, despite their competition in different spheres, is not likely to turn into a military conflict.


But China has exercised soft power in different ways to the West, ways that have often been missed by Western experts, despite China historically having influenced large parts of Asia with its culture, knowledge and trade.


During this period, it has lifted over 800 million people out of poverty.


The policy differences between the two economic superpowers are now stark.


During the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Economic Leaders' Meeting in Vietnam in November, Trump reconfirmed his "America first" policy, stating the US will pursue only bilateral trade agreements that are "fair" and "reciprocal.


Xi spoke of the digital economy, artificial intelligence and quantum science.


China's soft power is likely to increase significantly during the coming decades.


The technical working groups identified a number of possible cooperative initiatives that can be explored in the future, with both sides reaffirming that contentious maritime issues are not the sum total of the China-Philippines relationship.


"There were intensive discussions on mutually beneficial joint initiatives and consensus on the convening of technical working groups in the areas of fisheries, oil and gas, marine scientific research and marine environmental protection, and political security, in the framework of the BCM," it said.


Both sides "had productive exchange of views on ways to strengthen cooperation in areas such as marine environmental protection, fisheries, marine scientific research, and oil and gas, without prejudice to their respective positions on sovereignty, sovereign rights, and jurisdiction.


After the end of the Cold war, China has done its best, overcoming domestic obstacles, to cooperate with the US and the international community in maintaining peace, promoting the world economy, preventing WMD proliferation, fighting climate change, protecting cyber security, and maintaining open seas and free trade.


This is different from regional hegemony, where a dominant power intervenes in the internal affairs of other countries and implements a coercive diplomacy.


And its top priority now is to deepen its reforms and continue its opening-up policy, to prevent any major financial risks, intensify efforts in targeted poverty reduction, and better results in pollution control.


The NSS said the US understands that the American way of life cannot be imposed upon others.


Bilateral relations will be relatively smooth if each side respects the other’s choice.


And one will become sensitive, angry and hostile if the other side tries to incite revolutions in the other’s society.


Not surprisingly, it has been anticipated that his visits to Vietnam and Indonesia will set out new markers for US strategy in the Asia-Pacific.


However, rather than announcing a sharply different approach to that of the previous US administration, the signals given so far suggest the current administration simply intends to ratchet up the strategy pursued by its predecessor.


When the Obama administration switched the US' focus to the Asia-Pacific and usurped the regional maritime disputes in the South China Sea as part of its rebalancing strategy, regional tensions rose to unprecedentedly high levels and cast a shadow over the efforts to enhance the cooperation between China and Southeast Asian countries.


Title China, Brunei lift ties to strategic cooperative partnership


The Chinese president said he was deeply impressed by the warmth and hospitality of the Bruneian people on his first visit to the country, which Xi said vividly testifies to the profound friendship between the two peoples.


China sees Brunei as an important partner for cooperation in building the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road and is willing to align the Belt and Road Initiative with Brunei's Wawasan 2035, a strategy for economic diversification, in a bid to boost the mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries, he said.


Xi also proposed that the two countries deepen communication, coordination and collaboration within the frameworks such as the United Nations and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, and jointly promote greater development in China-ASEAN relations and East Asia cooperation.


Brunei is the second stop of Xi's ongoing Asia-Pacific tour, which has already taken him to Papua New Guinea.


He also met with leaders of eight Pacific island countries that have diplomatic ties with China.


Romana:

Well, those are specifically the broad areas where there can be a lot of cooperative projects, where there can be avenues through which we can pursue more cooperation.


So, from our perspective, the most important point is how to promote a Silk Road that will promote, you know, freedom of navigation, and unimpeded access, and promote further trade among the different countries, further investment, tourism, and people to people exchanges.


In addition, next year, in 2018, I think two specific projects, a major Dam that will irrigate a big area in northern Philippines, and another dam that will provide the water supply to the capital region in Luzon, not too far from Manila, will be constructed.


And so from my point of view, a major shift in the approach is not to put disputes at the center of relations, but rather to see that on the one hand, there will be challenges to the bilateral relations.


And we have managed, I think, significantly over the past year, to ease the tensions, and to promote more cooperation, cooperation between the two coast guards, cooperation between the two navies, and the fishermen on both sides.


But I think what the Philippines would like to do is to have more balance, not to depend on the west, not to depend on only one country, but to broaden and diversify its relationship.


And, and this is something that we need help not only from the communities, the different sectors in the Philippines, but from learning the experience around the world, including China.


We will be very much honored if you could say a few words in support of the new website.


By focusing on the youths' humanity, life, love and freedom, and their struggle to make ends meet after leaving the military, Youth takes a course different from many other Chinese films.


Title 'China mark' shines in development of Asia-Pacific
HONG KONG -

As the year of 2017 is coming to an end, the Asia-Pacific has remained as the most dynamic region in the world despite a host of challenges, including security threats, a rising trend of de-globalization and an anemic economic recovery.


In 2017, the Asia-Pacific region has continued to serve as the "locomotive" of global economic growth as it is accelerating the process of regional integration and building a community with a shared future for mankind.


China, with its concept of win-win cooperation and a slew of feasible, practical solutions, has helped manage and resolve regional hotspot issues, and spurred economic development in the Asia-Pacific region.


"Ballast" for regional peace, stability The Asia-Pacific region, which accounts for 40 percent of the world's population and 60 percent of the global GDP, is faced with severe security challenges, including the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula and territorial or maritime disputes.


China issued a white paper entitled "China's Policies on Asia-Pacific Security Cooperation" for the first time this year, outlining China's concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, which was in distinct contrast to the out-of-date security concepts of the Western world such as the Cold War mentality, zero-sum game and military force worship.


During the 16th Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore in June, many participants expressed the view that China's new security concepts would be very important for tackling various challenges in the Asia-Pacific region.


Leading role in building community with shared future in Asia-Pacific

The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in October reiterated promoting the building of a community with a shared future for mankind, a concept which has won applause from the international community.


In fact, the concept of the China-ASEAN (

the Association of Southeast Asian Nations) community of a shared future and the community of a shared future in the Asia-Pacific is becoming a reality with the commencement of such flagship infrastructure projects as the Jakarta-Bandung railway, the China-Laos railway and the Colombo Port City project.


The China-Myanmar crude oil and gas pipeline has effectively driven the development of Myanmar's petrochemical production, raised the degree of local industrialization and electrification, promoted its socioeconomic development and created jobs for the locals.


Besides, China's vision of a community with shared future charts a course for the integration of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum as APEC economies pledged to foster a shared future of a peaceful, stable, dynamic, inter-connected and prosperous Asia-Pacific community at the 25th APEC Economic Leaders Meeting in Vietnam.


Backbone of regional economic integration While Europe is faced with difficulties in economic integration due to Brexit, the Asia-Pacific region, led by China, is moving fast on economic integration, injecting strong impetus to the otherwise frustrated process of globalization.


A telling example is the construction of the Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific (FTAAP), a strategic initiative critical for long-term prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region.


A China with stronger development momentum and more shared interests with the world will surely contribute more to the Asia-Pacific region and the world at large.


Premier Li Keqiang (fifth from left), Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte (white shirt) and leaders of nine other ASEAN economies stand for a photo at the 20th ASEAN-China Summit in Manila, the Philippines, on Monday.


China and Vietnam have made pioneering moves to manage their differences, according to Ruan Zongze, vice-president of the China Institute of International Studies.


Given the joint efforts of China and ASEAN over the past year to expand their consensus and manage differences, Li will feel greater ease at this year's East Asia summits, observers say.


On Friday, Xi will attend the two-day 25th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Economic Leaders' Meeting in the Vietnamese city of Da Nang.


He also wished Vietnam great success hosting the upcoming APEC meeting, saying that China looks forward to a "highly productive meeting that contributes to common development and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific.


They should be handled in a constructive and pragmatic manner, so that they do not undermine the overall economic relationship.


Abe has even said he would amend the Constitution's war-renouncing Article 9 by 2020 so that the SDF is officially recognized as Japan's military.


Five, it actively advanced the establishment of contact points for basic level legislation and solicited opinions from four contact points for the drafts of seven laws and the legislative work plan for 2017 so that the legislative work was more closely related with the feelings and conditions of the people at the grassroots.


American rhetoric about North Korea often confuses "denuclearization" with "regime collapse," so much so that North Korea could not tell which one was the main target.


In Manila, Wang made a high evaluation on the two countries' efforts to properly handle their differences and the useful experience both sides have accumulated in setting aside their territorial dispute so that bilateral ties can flourish.


Any country facing challenges similar to those faced by China will need to build up a stronger military so that it can respond timely and effectively to possible conflicts instigated by irresponsible neighbors or the only superpower.


1, so that it feels uncomfortable as other countries catch up in terms of economy and international influence.


We should implement the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and narrow the developmental gap in the region, so that all countries and people of all social strata will enjoy the dividends of development, and the interests of countries will be more closely intertwined.


We will separate it so that we grow on a separate track," Santa Romana said at a forum in Manila on Monday.


Excerpts follow:

Pence speech exposes White House's anxiety Jin Canrong, a professor at and the associate dean of the School of International Studies, Renmin University of China

In general, Pence's speech manifested that the United States indeed cares a lot about China, so much so that it has incited many grudges.


Excerpts follow:

Pence speech exposes White House's anxiety

In general, Pence's speech manifested that the United States indeed cares a lot about China, so much so that it has incited many grudges.


He told the audience that he and his Chinese counterpart, Admiral Wu Shengli, commander-in-chief of China's People's Liberation Army, have a dialogue mechanism "so that in the rare event, unlikely event of something happening, we can get on the phone with each other, and deescalate quickly.


People with difficulties in finding jobs shall be registered so that the government can keep track of their employment situation and give them help according to defined categories, with particular attention being paid to families with no one holding a job.


And as an important engine for global development and the proponent of "a community with a shared future for mankind", China hopes more countries, regions and organizations would help build a better world so that all economies together could conquer new peaks of political, economic and social development in the 21st century.


They should also increase exchanges between their youths and grassroots people, so that more people engage in developing better ties and strengthening the social foundation of bilateral relations.


The two sides have agreed, among other things, to set up a hotline so that their senior diplomats can assess and address emergencies at sea.


We hope to see early conclusion of the RCEP negotiations so that the RCEP and other free trade arrangements will reinforce each other and promote the development of an inclusive FTA of the Asia-Pacific.


Both China and the ASEAN countries hope that this page can be turned, so that tranquility can return to the region.


Against this messy backdrop, China is expected to take the lead on reaching coordination between major economies for pushing a growth strategy so that the geopolitical divides around the globe will disappear.


A breakthrough is undoubtedly needed for an end to their impasse, at least by agreeing to shelve their disputes, so that exchanges and cooperation can continue.


Therefore, it should adopt policies that would promote peace in the region so that the ships of all countries can safely sail through the South China Sea, rather than using freedom of navigation as an excuse to enhance its military presence in the region.


China is ready to discuss with countries concerned about temporary arrangements pending final settlement of the dispute, which include joint development in relevant waters in the South China Sea for mutual benefits and win-win outcomes, so that together we can maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea.


Call upon all State Parties to the UNCLOS to join China in the efforts to combat abuse of legal process and ultra vires, to adopt all necessary measures, including practical guidance to the judicial/arbitral organs, so that the judicial/arbitral powers are exercised in a way consistent with state consent in the Convention.


Third, in the process of the COC negotiation, we should grab the opportunity of relative tranquility in the South China Sea to further enhance maritime practical cooperation, so that we can realize the dual objective of improving maritime cooperation mechanisms and building the regional maritime order.


Both Beijing and Manila need to continue to build on the current desirable picture so that their hard-won results in repairing and promoting bilateral ties are not disrupted by the US and its zero-sum games.


Therefore, China is obliged to continue to improve its defense capabilities, so that both its air force and navy have improved combat readiness and capabilities.


Speaking on the sidelines of the ongoing National People's Congress annual session on Thursday, Wang said China will join hands with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to allay the effects of the disruptions so that the South China Sea can continue to be a sea of peace and cooperation.


We will promote trade and investment liberalization and facilitation, and develop the global governance system to make economic globalization more open, inclusive and balanced so that its benefits can be shared by all.


And so that is why we speak of ASEAN centrality, the centrality of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, of which we hold the chairmanship this year.


So, I wish you well in this endeavor, and I congratulate you for coming up with this website, and I hope you will do your best to be able to provide the necessary information, so that the world will understand what the Belt and Road Initiative is all about.


"We hope that further dialogue of the COC will deepen mutual trust and understanding, and reach consensus on the COC at an early date based on consultation so that it can serve as a stabilizer of the South China Sea region," Li said.

