Besides, global security governance has suffered a setback due to major countries expanding their defense budgets and attaching increasing importance to traditional security.
On a nation-to-nation level, Trump's upcoming visit to China, which will make him the first foreign head of state to visit the country after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, offers the opportunity for China and the US to iron out their differences and inject fresh vigor into their bilateral cooperation, the momentum of which should not be stalled due to their frictions over trade and other issues.
On a nation-to-nation level, Trump's upcoming visit to China, which will make him the first foreign head of state to visit the country after the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, offers the opportunity for China and the US to iron out their differences and inject fresh vigor into their bilateral cooperation, the momentum of which should not be stalled due to their frictions over trade and other issues.
However, due to its strained ties with China as a result of their territorial dispute and its concerns about having lost status because of China's growing influence in the region, Japan has been ramping up its efforts to oppose China in regional and international issues.
However, China-Singapore relations are resilient and they are able to weather such vicissitudes, in part due to the special thread of kinship between them－the majority of Singaporeans being of Chinese origin, a bond that determines a natural closeness.
Currently the situation in the South China Sea has been stabilized and cooled down due to the joint efforts of China and regional countries, Hua said.
Saudi state media said that came in part due to an intercession by Qatari royal family member Sheikh Abdullah al Thani, who met with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and later a vacationing King Salman in Morocco.
Xu Liping, a researcher of Southeast Asian studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said due to limited funds and technology, Manila had hired European companies to explore resources in the South China Sea, and the companies took most of the profits.
Geng said the South China Sea situation has been stabilizing due to the joint efforts of China and ASEAN countries.
But due to various reasons, it has so far failed to draw a similar baseline for the Nansha Islands, leaving space for disputes with other littoral countries.
China's decision to join the Paris Agreement, as well as its actions to implement the landmark environmental pact signed by 195 countries, has shown that it intends to abide by its due responsibilities as a key member of the international community.
But due to drastic changes in Global Order and emergence of China as the largest trading nation in the last 30 years made GCC countries to move closer to China.
Defence ties and Regional security: The military and defence relations between China and Iran dates to 1980’s but co-operation saw downfall due to nuclear sanctions.
Bilateral relations suffered a setback in 2016 due to the flaring of regional tensions over the South China Sea disputes, but the fact that they quickly returned to a normal track, with a visit by Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong to Beijing in September last year, reflects the importance the two countries place on their bilateral relations and their ability to manage their differences.
Although there are different interpretations of UNCLOS, it clearly stipulates that in exercising their rights of freedom of navigation and overflight, states shall have due regard to the rights and duties of the coastal state and shall comply with the laws and regulations of that coastal state.
Bilateral relations suffered a setback in 2016 due to the flaring of regional tensions over the South China Sea disputes, but the fact that they quickly returned to a normal track, with a visit by Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong to Beijing in September last year, reflects the importance the two countries place on their bilateral relations and their ability to manage their differences.
included, to take their due responsibilities and make the necessary compromises.
Secretary Powell's visit to China followed the second Korean nuclear crisis, which was largely due to the fact that the U.
agreed to lead an international consortium to oversee and finance the construction of two 1,000-megawatt light water reactors with a total value of $4 billion, and to compensate the DPRK for the energy foregone due to the freeze of the graphite-moderated re- actors by providing 500,000 tons of heavy fuel oil annually.
Despite the worry about a possible showdown between the top two economies due to the US complaints about its trade deficits with China, Douglas Paal, vice president for studies and director of Asia Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, was somewhat optimistic that such scenario would not become a reality.
He noted that the Trump administration is still in the process of formulating its China policy and other policies due to the short time since it took office and the staffing problems which have left many positions unfilled so far.
This is an urgent matter for the Trump administration to deal with, but not as urgent as demanding for an immediate solution due to its complexity, Paal said.
He noted that currently there is a "relative tranquility" in the region, largely due to two reasons: First, China made big advances in the past two years with its construction activities and it is time "to digest, to consume" the advances.
Despite the worry about a possible showdown between the top two economies due to the US complaints about its trade deficits with China, Douglas Paal, vice president for studies and director of Asia Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, was somewhat optimistic that such scenario would not become a reality.
He noted that the Trump administration is still in the process of formulating its China policy and other policies due to the short time since it took office and the staffing problems which have left many positions unfilled so far.
This is an urgent matter for the Trump administration to deal with, but not as urgent as demanding for an immediate solution due to its complexity, Paal said.
He noted that currently there is a "relative tranquility" in the region, largely due to two reasons: First, China made big advances in the past two years with its construction activities and it is time "to digest, to consume" the advances.
The 249-meter vessel is due to make stops in Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka before participating in a joint naval exercise with Indian and US naval vessels in the Indian Ocean in July.
About the same time as Tillerson's visit to Beijing, China's Vice-Premier Wang Yang is due to meet Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Manila.
Yet, in some ways, this may also be due to a stronger greenback.
Besides, global security governance has suffered a setback due to major countries expanding their defense budgets and attaching increasing importance to traditional security.
On one hand, Japan's economy has encountered many difficulties after 20 years of sluggish economic growth due to various factors including its slow decision-making process and limited domestic market.
Douglas Paal, vice-president for studies and director of the Asia program at Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, believes raising tariffs against China will be hard due to opposition in Congress.
Douglas Paal, vice-president for studies and director of the Asia program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, believes raising tariffs against China will be hard, due to opposition in Congress.
China has actively pushed for peaceful solutions to hotspot issues such as the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula and the Afghanistan issue, and played its due role as a responsible major country.
Prospects A major country should have a befitting presence and take on its due responsibilities.
By comparison, the devastating effects of Typhoon Yolanda (also known as Haiyan), in November 2013, not only resulted in a terrible tragedy, but also damning evidence of communication failures in the Philippines at the time due to the lack of access to reliable information from government officials as ineffective early warnings systems were compounded by a lack of preparedness.
A few hours after Duterte's speech, his top economic policymakers released a statement saying that, while Asian economic integration was "long overdue", that did not mean the Philippines was turning its back on the West.
Title Duterte's visit presents overdue opportunity for China-Philippines rapprochement
Should he demonstrate his good faith, the trip will present a long overdue opportunity for the two nations, which enjoy longstanding friendship, to heal the wounds of the past few years and steer their relationship back to the right course.
The subdued manner the anniversary was commemorated on Sunday, therefore, was more or less out of the norm.
China hopes that the unit will coordinate efforts to review progress in the Plan of Action to Implement the Phnom Penh Declaration on the EAS Development Initiative and that the drafting of a second-phase plan of action will be started in due course, so as to take EAS cooperation to new heights.
The statement was issued the same day a conciliation commission was due to hear an arbitration case initiated by East Timor against Australia in The Hague over the disputed Timor Sea.
Externally, his willingness to "reset" US relations with Russia has resulted in a treaty to further reduce nuclear weapons, but relations between Washington and Moscow have worsened due to Crimea crisis.
For example, East Asia integration is weakening due to friction among nations in the region; the US-led Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is viewed with concerns about its lack of inclusiveness; the "Brexit" has also presented new challenges for the European Union, etc.
[Photo by Li Zhong/Asianewsphoto] 4 Leifeng Pagoda On the south of the West Lake, Leifeng Pagoda is considered the top scenic structure around West Lake due to its stunning silhouette in the glow of evening.
For almost a thousand years the pagoda withstood fires and wars, but finally collapsed in 1924, due to the removal of bricks as souvenirs by locals.
China will receive due returns.
China will receive due returns.
org, due to "information unification and security concerns," according to the SOA.
Meanwhile, some traditionally popular destinations such as France and the Philippines are losing their attraction due to terror attacks and the South China Sea disputes, industry sources said.
US tariffs on another $16 billion worth of Chinese exports are due to take effect on Thursday, and China has promised to respond in kind.
Historian Niall Ferguson and economist Moritz Schularick have used "Chimerica" to describe the two economies, due to their close links.
His comment was echoed by Fan Jishe, a researcher of US strategies with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, who believes that ASEAN nations may be forced to "pick sides" between Beijing and Washington, due to the latter's intervention fueled by residual Cold War mentality.
The remarks came after Philippine Foreign Secretary Perfecto Yasay said on Tuesday direct talks with China over maritime disputes were unlikely to start anytime soon due to Beijing's refusal to accept the tribunal ruling on the South China Sea.
US tariffs on another $16 billion worth of Chinese exports are due to take effect on Thursday, and China has promised to respond in kind.
Historian Niall Ferguson and economist Moritz Schularick have used "Chimerica" to describe the two economies, due to their close links.
The arbitral panel disregarded due procedure in accepting the unilaterally initiated case, acted ultra vires in affirming its jurisdiction.
In light of the fast-evolving circumstances, US Secretary of State John Kerry is due to have a breakfast meeting with the EU foreign ministers on Monday before they get down to discussing their agenda.
We are aware the timing of this year's ASEM is sensitive due to the geopolitical conflicts that have intensified in recent months, especially the situation in the South China Sea.
"I am of the view that the tribunal must review its position and jurisdiction for the sake of institution it stands for; otherwise it will become a joke in the legal history as they did not follow the due process of law," Qureshi noted.
In fact, due to the turnabout in the situation in the South China Sea, China and ASEAN member states have already begun to explore how to further bilateral or multilateral cooperation.
And given the provocative actions US warships have repeatedly taken in the South China Sea due to Washington's miscalculations of what China has done in its attempt to defend its own territorial waters, it is necessary for both militaries to sit down and talk.
Such warm words would have been unimaginable two years ago when bilateral ties deteriorated due to the previous Philippine government's provocations and confrontational approach to the maritime dispute.
We hope China, with its rising global influence, plays its due role to realize world peace with a tolerant spirit.
Such warm words would have been unimaginable two years ago when bilateral ties deteriorated due to the previous Philippine government's provocations and confrontational approach to the maritime dispute.
The US' actions also run counter to the regional trend, as, over the past year or so, the tensions arising from the maritime disputes involving China and a few Southeast Asian countries have been markedly abated due to the concerted efforts of countries in the region to build peace and stability in the waters.
The US' actions also run counter to the regional trend, as, over the past year or so, the tensions arising from the maritime disputes involving China and a few Southeast Asian countries have been markedly abated due to the concerted efforts of countries in region to build peace and stability in the waters.
Romana - a China expert due to his almost 40 years of living and working in China as a student and then a veteran journalist - has been a diplomat since 1971.
Rebuilding US forces that were depleted under two previous presidents due to unwise wars and spending on other things requires more money and a plan to fix this.
And we had the inaugural session last May, and the second one is due soon.
Backbone of regional economic integration While Europe is faced with difficulties in economic integration due to Brexit, the Asia-Pacific region, led by China, is moving fast on economic integration, injecting strong impetus to the otherwise frustrated process of globalization.
