Still, the international community is worried about the negative impact of new technologies－for instance, they could lead to a spiritual, ethical or moral crisis, even political or economic crisis.
"It is clear that if only China is making efforts, while others are doing things that could lead to escalation of tensions, this issue would not be solved, and it would become even more difficult, and the end result would hurt everybody's interests," he said.
"It is clear that if only China is making its efforts, while others are doing things that could lead to escalation of tensions, this issue would not be solved, and it would become even more difficult, and the end result would hurt everybody's interest," he said.
It could lead to tensions, he said, and result in nobody being able to develop the resources.
There is little doubt that the so-called freedom of navigation activities of the US warships within 12 nautical miles off the Nansha Islands without China's prior permission cause security concerns for China and could lead to unpredictable accidents, which would go against the spirit of the memorandums of understanding between the militaries of China and the US on mutual notification on major military events and possible air or sea encounters.
According to Hua, China expects and believes the meeting will help the two countries manage differences, promote maritime cooperation and lead to resolving related disputes and creating a good atmosphere to enhance ties and cooperation in various areas.
The two countries have extensive shared interests as well as underlying disparities which, if not addressed, could lead to confrontations.
While China upholds the rule-based order, it is insinuated that rising China may lead to regional tensions as it is a "non-democracy".
Still, the international community is worried about the negative impact of new technologies－for instance, they could lead to a spiritual, ethical or moral crisis, even political or economic crisis.
Before Thursday, Trump had already talked on the phone with about 20 foreign leaders except Xi, fueling concerns that the absence of contact between the two leaders could lead to renewed tensions in the China-US ties.
The case may lead to criminal prosecution, according to a news release from the Hong Kong government.
The case may lead to criminal prosecution, according to a news release from the Hong Kong government.
An incident between China and Japan around the disputed islands in the East China Sea or in their overlapping Air Defense Identification Zones could also lead to a conflict that involves the US as Japan's ally.
If the Trump administration were to include Taiwan into Washington's "rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific" strategy, it could lead to a much-dreaded standoff between China and the US.
To prevent Pyongyang from mastering advanced missile technology and thus becoming capable of striking the US homeland, many experts suggest Washington launch preemptive strikes on the DPRK, which would lead to a greater crisis.
His lack of experience and over-confidence bring uncertainties and could cause him frustration that might lead to impulsiveness.
Correct perception will lead to correct actions.
While some in the US argue that the deep economic interdependence between the two nations and their many shared interests will lead to a more collaborative relationship in the coming decades, some still believe a conflict between a rising power and established power is inevitable.
Any attempt to build an exclusive sphere of influence may lead to possible confrontation and even military conflict.
The current main concern lies with the rising trust deficit in the field of strategic security, which may lead to misjudgment on both sides and increase the possibility of confrontation and conflict.
The two countries should be able to take the lead to mobilize international coordination and collaboration to improve global governance and keep pace with the trend of globalization.
Title Tokyo's provocations lead to tit-for-tat responses
Yang Jinghua, deputy director of the Standing Committee of the NPC of Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, said consensus-building at think tanks promotes the consensus between governments and peoples, and this cooperation will lead to cooperation in other sectors.
"International conflicts, natural disasters and terror attacks can easily lead to Chinese tourists canceling their travel plans," Xu said.
So he "strongly hopes the parties to the dispute comply with the award and lead to a peaceful solution of the dispute in South China Sea".
So it is critical that all ASEM countries truly understand each other's core interests, as it will lead to win-win integration of Asian and European nations, because we are all sub-prime states.
In doing so, China and the Philippines have reached important consensus, including, to peacefully settle through negotiation their relevant disputes in the South China Sea; to exercise restraint in handling relevant disputes and refrain from taking actions that may lead to an escalation; to commit themselves to pursuing practical maritime cooperation and joint development; and that the relevant disputes should not affect the healthy growth of bilateral relations and peace and stability in the South China Sea region.
A trade war is the first step of a geopolitical containment policy, but will ultimately lead to a fierce confrontation between the existing hegemonic power and a rising power over the world order and international rules.
Will China-US friction lead to a new "Cold War" featuring all-round confrontation.
Such are their differences on the South China Sea issue that many fear they could lead to a military conflict.
Once issued, the ruling will serve as a barometer of future China-US relations, but it is not likely to lead to a military conflict because it will not be good for either side and neither wants to escalate the already high tensions in the South China Sea.
And with the US resorting to repeated provocations against China in the South China Sea, the risks of it becoming a hotbed for China-US confrontation and even a regional flashpoint are certainly rising since the US operations increase the possibility of close encounters between the two countries' air forces and navies, which could, in turn, lead to a strategic misjudgment or even an accident.
And with the US resorting to repeated provocations against China in the South China Sea, the risks of it becoming a hotbed for China-US confrontation and even a regional flashpoint are certainly rising since the US operations increase the possibility of close encounters between the two countries' air forces and navies, which could, in turn, lead to a strategic misjudgment or even an accident.
