After months of unease in their relations, the timing alone－before Lee's planned visit to the United States and the Communist Party of China's upcoming national congress－has bestowed Lee's visit with unusual symbolism, with many reading it as Singapore "repositioning" itself and recalibrating its strategic compass.
After Trump took office, the US has conducted three such operations.
After years of gradual encroachment of Chinese islands and reefs, figures show that since 2007, Vietnam has increased the pace of its large-scale land reclamation on 21 of the illegally occupied islands and reefs, and even built a number of new military facilities in the South China Sea.
After all, Sirivudh is the founder of the Cambodian Institute for Cooperation and Peace, and the chairman of the think tank's board of directors.
After all, without accommodating each other's core interests and major concerns, the foundations for nation-to-nation ties will be anything but solid.
After the collapse of U.
After 2003, however, an international multilateral settlement mechanism was formed, with China as the main mediator.
After the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement, the Korean Peninsula remained divided along the 38th parallel north between the ROK in the south and the DPRK in the north.
After President Bill Clinton came into office in 1993 and the age of confrontation between the U.
After the signing of the U.
After Secretary Albright returned home, the U.
After Secretary Powell's visit, China sent an envoy to North Korea in the spring of 2003 to consult on the possibility of such talks.
After repeated and hard persuasion, China managed to keep the North Korean delegation involved in the talks.
After lengthy meetings with senior of.
After paying a visit to the Chinese warship docked in his hometown of Davao City, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said he is open to the idea of conducting joint military exercises with China.
After the said reform, the new organizational system of military courts includes the PLA Military Court (at the level of higher court), the Military Court of the East Combat Zone of the PLA, the Military Court of the South Combat Zone of the PLA, the Military Court of the North Combat Zone of the PLA, the No.
After the said reform, the new organizational system of military courts includes the PLA Military Court (at the level of higher court), the Military Court of the East Combat Zone of the PLA, the Military Court of the South Combat Zone of the PLA, the Military Court of the North Combat Zone of the PLA, the No.
Q: After his victory on last December's presidential election, Trump had a telephone conversation with Taiwan leader Tsai Ing-wen and he later posted a tweet, calling Tsai as "president of Taiwan," triggering wide public discussion and implying that he might be about to re-consider the longstanding"One-China" Policy.
Expectations should remain realistic After years of frostiness in bilateral relations, a positive momentum emerged last year as both China and Japan realized they needed each other for economic growth.
After Trump's challenge to the long-standing One China policy, some former US officials and scholars on Taiwan also criticized Trump's ignorance.
After Trump's challenge to the long-standing One China policy, some former US officials and scholars on Taiwan also criticized Trump's ignorance.
After President Obama's visit to Beijing and the G20 Hangzhou Summit, the two countries have strengthened strategic communication, built mutual trust and dispersed doubts, thus ensuring a sound development of ties.
After the South China Sea arbitration case unilaterally filed by the Philippines, exchanges in many areas were halted until Duterte's visit to China.
After Donald Trump is sworn in as the president of the United States on Jan 20, the biggest foreign policy challenge for his new administration will be how to deal with the fast-developing situation in the Asia-Pacific region.
[Photo/Xinhua] BEIJING -- After years of estrangement, the bad blood between Beijing and Manila has finally begun to give place to good faith, as Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte embarks on an ice-breaking trip to China on Tuesday.
After an arbitral tribunal in The Hague ruled in favor of the Philippines in its dispute with China over the South China Sea in July, some vested interests thought the East Asia Summit meetings in Laos could be a perfect occasion to drum up anti-China sentiments again.
After all, the two countries' leaders just met on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Hangzhou, affirming common aspiration for a thaw in ties.
After their meeting, the two countries signed nine agreements to boost cooperation in such fields as production capacity, infrastructure, education, cross-border trade and climate change.
After their meeting, the two countries signed nine agreements to boost cooperation in such fields as production capacity, infrastructure, education, cross-border trade and climate change.
After an international tribunal in The Hague announced its arbitral award, their war of words intensified but the situation didn't spiral out of control.
After the summit, he will visit Laos - the first visit to the country by a US president - where he will attend the US-ASEAN Summit and the East Asia Summit before winding up his Asian trip.
After the Tansgrid farce, Australia rejected Chinese consortiums' bid to purchase two pastures early this year.
[Bullit Marquez / Agencies] After all the recent hoopla over the disputes in the South China Sea, an obvious priority for the region has been de-escalating tensions and finding ways to prevent or manage potential crises.
After speaking with Peng, I reflected on what he had said.
Personal reflections After speaking with Major General Peng, I reflected on what he said.
After all, there are many far more important issues than the South China Sea disputes that call for immediate action and closer collaboration, such as poverty, smuggling and terrorism.
After the tribunal released its so-called award, the Chinese government issued the Statement on China's Territorial Sovereignty and Maritime Rights and Interests in the South China Sea, and the Chinese Foreign Ministry also issued a statement on the award.
“After the arbitration case, the new Filipino government has to seek balance among the opposition, pressure from the US and Japan and the public view," Xu said.
After China launched its reform and opening-up more than three decades ago, large numbers of foreign enterprises invested in the country and thus helped boost its economic growth and create jobs for the local people.
After the so-called award of the South China Sea arbitration was announced, the Chinese government made a solemn statement, expounding China's non-acceptance and non-recognition of the so-called award on the basis of its long-standing position of non-acceptance and non-participation in the Philippines South China Sea arbitration.
After the terrorist attack in Nice on Thursday, the latest in a series of violent attacks by extremists in the country, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said France must now live with terrorism, which has become an increasingly serious threat to western European countries as the Islamic State group loses ground in the Middle East and urges its supporters in Europe to attack where they are.
After meetings in Beijing, Richardson will also visit Qingdao, Shandong province, to see the navy's submarine academy and tour China's first aircraft carrier, the Liaoning.
After the end of the Second World War, China recovered and resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao which were invaded and illegally occupied by Japan during its war of aggression against China.
After the end of the Second World War, China recovered and resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao.
After the end of the Second World War, China recovered and resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Nanhai Zhudao.
After all, economic interdependence has built a global community of shared interests, and there can be no winner in a trade or any other war.
After assuming the UN Security Council presidency for one month, Japan is once again trying to internationalize the South China Sea issue in the world body.
"After years of complaints, the nation convinces the UN to tweak the treaty to many of its specifications.
After all, keeping tensions high serves the US' interests and helps justify its huge military presence in the region as part of its "rebalancing to the Asia-Pacific" strategy.
Harunobu Kato, a professor of law at Musashino University and a NHK commentator After Japan and China signed the Treaty of Peace and Friendship in 1978, former leader Deng Xiaoping addressed a news conference at a Japanese press club.
After the end of the Cold War, the US tightened its political grip on Japan and tried to convince Japan to see China as an "imaginary enemy", in order to stop Tokyo from becoming self-reliant.
After all, regional development and stability cannot be endowed by others; it can only be achieved through the mutual efforts of countries in the region.
After Donald Trump won the US presidential election in 2016, a trade war between the world's largest and second-largest economies seemed likely.
After the end of the Cold war, China has done its best, overcoming domestic obstacles, to cooperate with the US and the international community in maintaining peace, promoting the world economy, preventing WMD proliferation, fighting climate change, protecting cyber security, and maintaining open seas and free trade.
After the talks, the two heads of state witnessed the signing of a cooperation plan on jointly promoting the Belt and Road Initiative and other bilateral cooperation documents.
Afterwards he will pay a state visit to the country.
